6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do we? we we we we we It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from history history history history history history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female warriors warriors warriors warriors warriors warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the the the the the the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a union union union union union union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with with with with with with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on on on on on on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know know know know know know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, side, side, side, side, side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am am am am am am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So So So So So So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle middle middle middle middle middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division division division division division division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the the the the the the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really really really really really really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a while while while while while while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone gone gone gone gone gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on the the the the the the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready ready ready ready ready ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to to to to to to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only only only only only only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or or or or or or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with with with with with with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from from from from from from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the the the the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason reason reason reason reason reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little little little little little little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going going going going going going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened opened opened opened opened opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, listener, listener, listener, listener, listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question question question question question question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept swept swept swept swept swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting getting getting getting getting getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of of of of of of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just just just just just just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been been been been been been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's let's let's let's let's let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before before before before before before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think think think think think think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do do do do do do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me me me me me me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on on on on on on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge huge huge huge huge huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too too too too too too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start start start start start start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games games games games games games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog dog dog dog dog dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, cats, cats, cats, cats, cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen seen seen seen seen seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who who who who who who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at at at at at at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a a a a a a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I I I I I I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in in in in in in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this this this this this this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just just just just just just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one one one one one one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good good good good good good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from from from from from from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the the the the the the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy muddy muddy muddy muddy muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the the the the the the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode episode episode episode episode episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge huge huge huge huge huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going going going going going going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has has has has has has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are are are are are are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you you you you you you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends friends friends friends friends friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and and and and and and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where where where where where where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going going going going going going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around around around around around around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years years years years years years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go go go go go go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in in in in in in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's It's It's It's It's It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been been been been been been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push push push push push push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in in in in in in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you you you you you you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active active active active active active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that that that that that that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total total total total total total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco opco opco opco opco opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything everything everything everything everything everything to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life life life life life life and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the the the the the the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week week week week week week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So So So So So So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to to to to to to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and and and and and and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's let's let's let's let's let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that that that that that that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like like like like like like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person person person person person person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're getting it it it it it it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really really really really really really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start start start start start start a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is is is is is is a free app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you you you you you you need is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything everything everything everything everything everything you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do do do do do do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited excited excited excited excited excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the the the the the the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel Bagel Bagel Bagel Bagel Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the the the the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by by by by by by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off off off off off off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard hard hard hard hard hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see see see see see see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk talk talk talk talk talk about some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be be be be be be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your your your your your your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're you're you're you're you're you're at home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and and and and and and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to to to to to to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish publish publish publish publish publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to to to to to to and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for for for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on on on on on on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and and and and and and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Helen Helen Helen Helen Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind blind blind blind blind blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and and and and and and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need need need need need need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that that that that that that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we we we we we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's It's It's It's It's It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell tell tell tell tell tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March March March March March March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games games games games games games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites satellites satellites satellites satellites satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always always always always always always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but but but but but but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in in in in in in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to to to to to to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase chase chase chase chase chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as as as as as as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of of of of of of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of of of of of of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you you you you you you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and and and and and and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will will will will will will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now now now now now now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so so so so so so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really really really really really really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing thing thing thing thing thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you, you, you, you, you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope hope hope hope hope hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you you you you you you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of of of of of of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive forgive forgive forgive forgive forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're We're We're We're We're We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your your your your your your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free free free free free free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your your your your your your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so so so so so so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you you you you you you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on on on on on on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are are are are are are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having having having having having having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My My My My My My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and and and and and and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's It's It's It's It's It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment segment segment segment segment segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show show show show show show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before before before before before before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going going going going going going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and and and and and and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and and and and and and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick quick quick quick quick quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys guys guys guys guys guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free free free free free free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share share share share share share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so so so so so so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow follow follow follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast fast fast fast fast fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your most most most most most most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get get get get get get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take take take take take take this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I I I I I I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, like, like, like, like, like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my my my my my my journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These These These These These These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and and and and and and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I I I I I I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has has has has has has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at at at at at at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was was was was was was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We have have have have have have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what what what what what what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do do do do do do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind kind kind kind kind kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we we we we we we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie pie pie pie pie pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so so so so so so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it it it it it it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get get get get get get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast in in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking talking talking talking talking talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique unique unique unique unique unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have have have have have have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know know know know know know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from from from from from from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make make make make make make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also also also also also also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they they they they they they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig dig dig dig dig dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the the the the the the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just just just just just just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who who who who who who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half half half half half half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we we we we we we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in in in in in in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and love love love love love love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like like like like like like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to to to to to to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are are are are are are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God God God God God God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific specific specific specific specific specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go go go go go go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see see see see see see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we we we we we we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is is is is is is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how how how how how how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the the the the the the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I I I I I I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this this this this this this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here here here here here here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the the the the the the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How How How How How How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready ready ready ready ready ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like like like like like like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I I I I I I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I I I I I I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was was was was was was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they they they they they they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are are are are are are good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to to to to to to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you you you you you you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium premium premium premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So So So So So So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app app app app app app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give give give give give give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see see see see see see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 647 647 647 647 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this this this this this this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the the the the the the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building building building building building building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This This This This This This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into into into into into into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new new new new new new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the the the the the the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all all all all all all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's What's What's What's What's What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for for for for for for the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year year year year year year old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He He He He He He would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later later later later later later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature nature nature nature nature nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for for for for for for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial serial serial serial serial serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to to to to to to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of of of of of of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at at at at at at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this this this this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get get get get get get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple couple couple couple couple couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that that that that that that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them them them them them them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just just just just just just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine divine divine divine divine divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am am am am am am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and and and and and and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories stories stories stories stories stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience experience experience experience experience experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing healing healing healing healing healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am am am am am am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I I I I I I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the the the the the the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance chance chance chance chance chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top top top top top top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put put put put put put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast fast fast fast fast fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a a a a a a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make make make make make make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know know know know know know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear underwear underwear underwear underwear underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out out out out out out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for for for for for for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we we we we we we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this ghost pants pants pants pants pants pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done done done done done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see see see see see see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here here here here here here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices advices advices advices advices advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and and and and and and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about about about about about about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, first first first first first first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first first first first first first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over over over over over over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do it it it it it it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all all all all all all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can can can can can can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from from from from from from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, away, away, away, away, away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box box box box box box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that that that that that that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a a a a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to to to to to to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had had had had had had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened happened happened happened happened happened to chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and and and and and and want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our our our our our our series famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on on on on on on Spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? sir sir sir sir sir Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think think think think think think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am am am am am am it's about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for for for for for for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six six six six six six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I I I I I I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think think think think think think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He He He He He He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just just just just just just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made made made made made made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I I I I I I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of of of of of of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're we're we're we're we're we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a a a a a a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah I I I I I I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a a a a a a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how how how how how how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and and and and and and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you you you you you you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now now now now now now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other other other other other other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not not not not not not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To To To To To To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time time time time time time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right right right right right right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, done, done, done, done, done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I I I I I I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk talk talk talk talk talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this this this this this this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can can can can can can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to to to to to to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I I I I I I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and and and and and and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not get get get get get get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one one one one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is is is is is is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The The The The The The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already already already already already already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So So So So So So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get get get get get get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where where where where where where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out out out out out out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that that that that that that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like like like like like like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with with with with with with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free free free free free free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free things. So So So So So So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people people people people people people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So So So So So So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for for for for for for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards towards towards towards towards towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget forget forget forget forget forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in in in in in in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about about about about about about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as as as as as as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life life life life life life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and and and and and and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my my my my my my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life Life Life Life Life Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the the the the the the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your your your your your your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this this this this this this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't don't don't don't don't don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and and and and and and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see see see see see see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a a a a a a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he he he he he he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? say say say say say You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew knew knew knew knew knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I I I I I I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you you you you you you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help help help help help help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World World World World World World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really really really really really really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book book book book book book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and and and and and and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive interactive interactive interactive interactive interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join join join join join join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying flying flying flying flying flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you you you you you you for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up up up up up up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked asked asked asked asked asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there there there there there there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can can can can can can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been been been been been been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a a a a a a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them them them them them them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to to to to to to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind mind mind mind mind mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it it it it it it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, again, again, again, again, again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play play play play play play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so so so so so so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and and and and and and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my my my my my my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago ago ago ago ago ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so so so so so so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me me me me me me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around around around around around around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's It's It's It's It's It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I I I I I I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and and and and and and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game game game game game game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and and and and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 1 1 1 1 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is is is is is is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which which which which which which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast toast toast toast toast toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of of of of of of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a a a a a a dialogue on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're We're We're We're We're We're all completely. It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back back back back back back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited excited excited excited excited excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce announce announce announce announce announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to to to to to to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back Back Back Back Back Back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the the the the the the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a a a a a a train before. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's it's it's it's it's it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from from from from from from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in in in in in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that that that that that that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did did did did did did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is is is is is is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always always always always always always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I I I I I I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world world world world world world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are are are are are are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a a a a a a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not not not not not not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air air air air air air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was was was was was was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front front front front front front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And And And And And And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the the the the the the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the the the the the the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than than than than than than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The The The The The The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in in in in in in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is is is is is is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode episode episode episode episode episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this this this this this this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so so so so so so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of of of of of of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best best best best best best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about about about about about about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a a a a a a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the the the the the the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the the the the the the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what what what what what what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never never never never never never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your your your your your your fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to to to to to to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, words, words, words, words, words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to to to to to to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time time time time time time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date date date date date date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's it's it's it's it's it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you you you you you you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic problematic problematic problematic problematic problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage stage stage stage stage stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're you're you're you're you're you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and and and and and and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them them them them them them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts facts facts facts facts facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common common common common common common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year year year year year year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that that that that that that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the the the the the the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies companies companies companies companies companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign sign sign sign sign sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of of of of of of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year year year year year year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in in in in in in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help help help help help help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig gig gig gig gig gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about about about about about about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to learn learn learn learn learn learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another another another another another another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I I I I I I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my my my my my my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very very very very very very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then then then then then then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels feels feels feels feels feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on on on on on on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses courses courses courses courses courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in in in in in in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to to to to to to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This This This This This This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be be be be be be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good good good good good good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the the the the the the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a a a a a a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then then then then then then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is is is is is is Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got got got got got got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and and and and and and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be be be be be be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give give give give give give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I I I I I I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just just just just just just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind behind behind behind behind behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am am am am am am your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of of of of of of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and and and and and and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need need need need need need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode episode episode episode episode episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at at at at at at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career career career career career career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little little little little little little bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I I I I I I do need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I I I I I I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this this this this this this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward forward forward forward forward forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan plan plan plan plan plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended amended amended amended amended amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional additional additional additional additional additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a a a a a a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word word word word word word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal fiscal fiscal fiscal fiscal fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this this this this this this episode. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them them them them them them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide wide wide wide wide wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night night night night night night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long long long long long long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with with with with with with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the the the the the the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you you you you you you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to to to to to to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a a a a a a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I I I I I I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I I I I I I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a a a a a a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man man man man man man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better better better better better better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape landscape landscape landscape landscape landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change change change change change change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were were were were were were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money money money money money money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give give give give give give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have have have have have have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and and and and and and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And And And And And And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a a a a a a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering hankering hankering hankering hankering hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show show show show show show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in and and and and and and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now now now now now now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market market market market market market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now Now Now Now Now Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests tests tests tests tests tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and and and and and and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work work work work work work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour hour hour hour hour hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors directors directors directors directors directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work work work work work work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color color color color color color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from from from from from from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out out out out out out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's what's what's what's what's what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was very impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and and and and and and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a a a a a a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to to to to to to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was was was was was was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better better better better better better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's that's that's that's that's that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys boys boys boys boys boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, three, three, three, three, three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a a a a a a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It It It It It It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a a a a a a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week week week week week week next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your your your your your your money up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my my my my my my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had had had had had had been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman suddenly the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? me me me me me But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his his his his his his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are are are are are are with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate ate ate ate ate ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you you you you you you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today today today today today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're we're we're we're we're we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each each each each each each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have have have have have have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had had had had had had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of of of of of of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and and and and and and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us us us us us us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank thank thank thank thank thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're you're you're you're you're you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So So So So So So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going going going going going going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older older older older older older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated associated associated associated associated associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone bone bone bone bone bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has has has has has has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, dislocations, dislocations, dislocations, dislocations, dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio ratio ratio ratio ratio ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds olds olds olds olds olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying staying staying staying staying staying healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me me me me me me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you you you you you you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and and and and and and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal heal heal heal heal heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to to to to to to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and and and and and and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that that that that that that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with with with with with with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach coach coach coach coach coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So So So So So So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my my my my my my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others others others others others others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot lot lot lot lot lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in in in in in in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I I I I I I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business business business business business business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to to to to to to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today today today today today today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She She She She She She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I I I I I I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to to to to to to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't don't don't don't don't don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a a a a a a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child child child child child child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband husband husband husband husband husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and and and and and and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is is is is is is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals gals gals gals gals gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield Bloomfield Bloomfield Bloomfield Bloomfield Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you you you you you you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we we we we we we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my my my my my my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? good good good good good It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you you you you you you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I I I I I I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind kind kind kind kind kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you you you you you you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself myself myself myself myself myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are are are are are are you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you you you you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock stock stock stock stock stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids kids kids kids kids kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we we we we we we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about about about about about about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And And And And And And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is is is is is is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was was was was was was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by by by by by by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully fully fully fully fully fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being being being being being being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the the the the the the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in in in in in in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people people people people people people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service service service service service service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get get get get get get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge ridge ridge ridge ridge ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me me me me me me again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about about about about about about getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now now now now now now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my my my my my my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer layer layer layer layer layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish finish finish finish finish finish. So if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn horn horn horn horn horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use use use use use use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you you you you you you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much much much much much much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me me me me me me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic logic logic logic logic logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we we we we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events events events events events events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires tires tires tires tires tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on on on on on on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with with with with with with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but but but but but but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on on on on on on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was was was was was was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living living living living living living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that that that that that that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you you you you you you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why why why why why why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem seem seem seem seem seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once Once Once Once Once Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an an an an an an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but but but but but but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a a a a a a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat seat seat seat seat seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see see see see see see a change in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and and and and and and become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and and and and and and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into into into into into into the show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you you you you you you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said said said said said said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your your your your your your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our our our our our our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat sat sat sat sat sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what what what what what what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international international international international international international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the the the the the the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of of of of of of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video video video video video video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super super super super super super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to to to to to to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world world world world world world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other other other other other other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of of of of of of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality quality quality quality quality quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to to to to to to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training training training training training training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even even even even even even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or or or or or or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your your your your your your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take take take take take take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your your your your your your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in in in in in in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we we we we we we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even this this this this this this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if if if if if if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into into into into into into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are are are are are are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are are are are are are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The The The The The The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your your your your your your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to to to to to to we will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that that that that that that you can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did did did did did did they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to to to to to to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How How How How How How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background background background background background background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have have have have have have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all all all all all all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports sports sports sports sports sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that that that that that that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to to to to to to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports sports sports sports sports sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once Once Once Once Once Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global global global global global global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five five five five five five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and and and and and and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident resident resident resident resident resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so so so so so so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read read read read read read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me one one one one one one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush brush brush brush brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and and and and and and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black black black black black black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a a a a a a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard hard hard hard hard hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We We We We We We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more more more more more more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years years years years years years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come come come come come come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I I I I I I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the the the the the the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you you you you you you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us us us us us us and it gets the message out to more people with the way way way way way way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? dude dude dude dude dude Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to to to to to to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just just just just just just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic topic topic topic topic topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite quite quite quite quite quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of of of of of of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and and and and and and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free hassle-free hassle-free hassle-free hassle-free hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, podcasts, podcasts, podcasts, podcasts, podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your your your your your your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know know know know know know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that that that that that that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in in in in in in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be be be be be be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little little little little little little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before before before before before before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and and and and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave gave gave gave gave gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips tips tips tips tips tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they they they they they they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their their their their their their career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So So So So So So so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if if if if if if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you you you you you you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep peep peep peep peep peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today today today today today today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about about about about about about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand first-hand first-hand first-hand first-hand first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look look look look look look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the the the the the the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated animated animated animated animated animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind kind kind kind kind kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to to to to to to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the the the the the the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience experience experience experience experience experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not not not not not not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you you you you you you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse nurse nurse nurse nurse nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good good good good good good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Houston Houston Houston Houston Houston Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get get get get get get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the the the the the the first but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on on on on on on us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update update update update update update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them them them them them them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took took took took took took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you you you you you you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our our our our our our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and and and and and and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content content content content content content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad glad glad glad glad glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the woods with with with with with with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward forward forward forward forward forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear bear bear bear bear bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do do do do do do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show show show show show show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going going going going going going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very own younger, younger, younger, younger, younger, younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just just just just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If If If If If If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you can use right right right right right right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many many many many many many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right right right right right right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup setup setup setup setup setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the the the the the the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if if if if if if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put put put put put put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make make make make make make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make make make make make make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team team team team team team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get get get get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your your your your your your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want want want want want want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want want want want want want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to to to to to to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on on on on on on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet internet internet internet internet internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's it's it's it's it's it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that that that that that that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say say say say say say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get get get get get get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you you you you you you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had had had had had had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So So So So So So obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people people people people people people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three three three three three three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How How How How How How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate hate hate hate hate hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your your your your your your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So So So So So So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are are are are are are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big big big big big big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea idea idea idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from from from from from from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free free free free free free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when when when when when when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised raised raised raised raised raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We We We We We We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you you you you you you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good good good good good good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind kind kind kind kind kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL FPL FPL FPL FPL FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of course course course course course course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I I I I I I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered considered considered considered considered considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk talk talk talk talk talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a a a a a a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New New New New New New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of of of of of of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news news news news news news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the the the the the the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say say say say say say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to to to to to to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to my my my my my my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you you you you you you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room room room room room room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine mine mine mine mine mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven Aven Aven Aven Aven Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank thank thank thank thank thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you you you you you you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the the the the the the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of the the the the the the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss loss loss loss loss loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk walk walk walk walk walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media media media media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter Porter Porter Porter Porter Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new new new new new new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to to to to to to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most most most most most most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements advertisements advertisements advertisements advertisements advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools tools tools tools tools tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live live live live live live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here here here here here here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 1 1 1 1 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know know know know know know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from from from from from from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent tent tent tent tent tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it it it it it it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it it it it it it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after after after after after after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I I I I I I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to to to to to to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's that's that's that's that's that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we we we we we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so so so so so so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any any any any any any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of of of of of of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source source source source source source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the the the the the the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says says says says says says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school school school school school school on the second day and they were like, when are we doing doing doing doing doing doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew it it it it it it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are are are are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that that that that that that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into into into into into into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after after after after after after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 50 50 50 50 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not not not not not not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of of of of of of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not not not not not not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of of of of of of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco Cisco Cisco Cisco Cisco Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed passed passed passed passed passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with a a a a a a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about about about about about about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with with with with with with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say say say say say say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's it's it's it's it's it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion portion portion portion portion portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I I I I I I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any any any any any any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making making making making making making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things things things things things things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of of of of of of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New York York York York York York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out out out out out out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a a a a a a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you you you you you you start from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen listen listen listen listen listen to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you you you you you you should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to to to to to to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast and I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that that that that that that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about about about about about about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your your your your your your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which which which which which which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little little little little little little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's today's today's today's today's today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The The The The The The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over over over over over over a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to to to to to to New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main main main main main main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John John John John John John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven seven seven seven seven seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States States States States States States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six six six six six six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any any any any any any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in in in in in in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end end end end end end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside outside outside outside outside outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of of of of of of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in in in in in in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them them them them them them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right right right right right right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that that that that that that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned learned learned learned learned learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say say say say say say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather weather weather weather weather weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and and and and and and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used used used used used used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's that's that's that's that's that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world world world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the the the the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short short short short short short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world world world world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the the the the the the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and and and and and and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to to to to to to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very very very very very very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and worked on the the the the the the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a a a a a a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and and and and and and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're you're you're you're you're you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of of of of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name name name name name name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so so so so so so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as as as as as as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a a a a a a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So I I I I I I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot lot lot lot lot lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind kind kind kind kind kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our our our our our our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having having having having having having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there there there there there there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, know, know, know, know, know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk talk talk talk talk talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and and and and and and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as as as as as as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely barely barely barely barely barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need to to to to to to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So So So So So So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in in in in in in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past year year year year year year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to connect connect connect connect connect connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a a a a a a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is Is Is Is Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood mood mood mood mood mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And And And And And And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either either either either either either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of of of of of of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I I I I I I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to to to to to to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is is is is is is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or or or or or or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, um, um, um, um, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work work work work work work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and and and and and and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more more more more more more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed needed needed needed needed needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because because because because because because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free free free free free free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You You You You You You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are are are are are are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these these these these these these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach coach coach coach coach coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the the the the the the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got got got got got got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we we we we we we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want want want want want want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a a a a a a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all all all all all all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to to to to to to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to to to to to to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like like like like like like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all all all all all all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where where where where where where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like like like like like like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower shower shower shower shower shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you you you you you you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my my my my my my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the the the the the the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things things things things things things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you you you you you you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the the the the the the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you you you you you you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we we we we we we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no one one one one one one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of of of of of of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into into into into into into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the the the the the the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology technology technology technology technology technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next next next next next next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not not not not not not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well well well well well well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a a a a a a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the the the the the the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is is is is is is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and and and and and and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D D D D D D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time time time time time time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a a a a a a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her her her her her her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that that that that that that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that that that that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she she she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out out out out out out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she she she she she she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has has has has has has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her her her her her her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a a a a a a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I I I I I I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to to to to to to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not not not not not not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that that that that that that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And And And And And And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host host host host host host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys guys guys guys guys guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely barely barely barely barely barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was was was was was was there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we we we we we we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this this this this this this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree tree tree tree tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of of of of of of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a a a a a a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people people people people people people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However However However However However However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of of of of of of seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the the the the the the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place place place place place place to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have have have have have have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all all all all all all things tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn learn learn learn learn learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should should should should should should not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or or or or or or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different different different different different different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products products products products products products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type type type type type type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to to to to to to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You You You You You You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally finally finally finally finally finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with with with with with with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make make make make make make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores stores stores stores stores stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should let let let let let let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple simple simple simple simple simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to to to to to to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to to to to to to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in in in in in in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure sure sure sure sure sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life life life life life life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you you you you you you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Coach Coach Coach Coach Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages passages to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the the the the the the word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest rest rest rest rest rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It It It It It It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you you you you you you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word word word word word word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic manic manic manic manic manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list list list list list list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this this this this this this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends friends friends friends friends friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon soon soon soon soon soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing failing failing failing failing failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot hot hot hot hot hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start start start start start start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to to to to to to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw raw raw raw raw raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of of of of of of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your your your your your your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All All All All All All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on on on on on on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever ever ever ever ever ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior prior prior prior prior prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and and and and and and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are are are are are are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest guest guest guest guest guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 40 40 40 40 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my my my my my my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to to to to to to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I I I I I I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be be be be be be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people people people people people people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day day day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's That's That's That's That's That's 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and and and and and and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time time time time time time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate associate associate associate associate associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential essential essential essential essential essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom. For / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's That's That's That's That's That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about about about about about about is and I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected affected affected affected affected affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip dip dip dip dip dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from from from from from from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like like like like like like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real real real real real real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because because because because because because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is is is is is is a space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We We We We We We will be covering all the latest space related news. As well as as as as as as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may may may may may may want to know about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the the the the the the black hole to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take take take take take take us back to the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what what what what what what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult adult adult adult adult adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is is is is is is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke woke woke woke woke woke up. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and and and and and and beat up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a a a a a a human level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I I I I I I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can can can can can can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some some some some some some of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have have have have have have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is is is is is is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to to to to to to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man man man man man man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear hear hear hear hear hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I I I I do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But But But But But But I do think that all of the information in part to her story story story story story story all her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much much much much much much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from from from from from from part 1 is all about her life as a young girl how how how how how how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it it it it it it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside outside outside outside outside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about about about about about about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who who who who who who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a a a a a a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have have have have have have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl girl girl girl girl girl Gigi and hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of of of of of of re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day day day day day day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love love love love love love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our our our our our our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first first first first first first place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first first first first first first place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it it it it it it the tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, I don't care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is is is is is is when you look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact fact fact fact fact fact that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so so so so so so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a a a a a a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and and and and and and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've I've I've I've I've I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's he's he's he's he's he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he he he he he he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of of of of of of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told told told told told told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and and and and and and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I I I I I I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I I I I I I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in in in in in in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk talk talk talk talk talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First First First First First First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're they're they're they're they're they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're they're they're they're they're they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so so so so so so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about about about about about about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games games games games games games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were were were were were were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the the the the the the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally generally generally generally generally generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make make make make make make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach Beach Beach Beach Beach Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your your your your your your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so so so so so so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past past past past past past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a a a a a a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using using using using using using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record record record record record record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any any any any any any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are are are are are are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying paying paying paying paying paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with with with with with with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for for for for for for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury injury injury injury injury injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing losing losing losing losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of of of of of of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever ever ever ever ever ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about about about about about about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken taken taken taken taken taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He He He He He He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs proofs proofs proofs proofs proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and and and and and and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as as as as as as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually actually actually actually actually actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different different different different different different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but but but but but but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and and and and and and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only only only only only only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to to to to to to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called called called called called called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up up up up up up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the the the the the the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my my my my my my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all all all all all all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on on on on on on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with with with with with with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for you you you you you you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you you you you you you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place download the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't Can't Can't Can't Can't Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my my my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi Avi Avi Avi Avi Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The The The The The The company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that that that that that that I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, Avi, Avi, Avi, Avi, Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company company company company company company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the the the the the the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total total total total total total and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think think think think think think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We We We We We We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably probably probably probably probably probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think think think think think think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust trust trust trust trust trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your your your your your your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio audio audio audio audio audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this this this this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know know know know know know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West West West West West West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the the the the the the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between between between between between between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point point point point point point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound sound sound sound sound sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe believe believe believe believe believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be be be be be be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central Central Central Central Central Central summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of of of of of of approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We We We We We We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name name name name name name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with with with with with with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots lots lots lots lots lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with with with with with with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last last last last last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right right right right right right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this this this this this this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now now now now now now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the the the the the the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in in in in in in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country country country country country country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 100 100 100 100 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without without without without without without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night night night night night night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come come come come come come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka Ka Ka Ka Ka Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Essex Essex Essex Essex Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and and and and and and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in in in in in in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about about about about about about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the the the the the the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were were were were were were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we we we we we we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make make make make make make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You You You You You You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need need need need need need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the the the the the the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness madness madness madness madness madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 2 2 2 2 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it it it it it it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho psycho psycho psycho psycho psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you you you you you you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we we we we we we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we we we we we we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked about in in in in in in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full full full full full full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's other's other's other's other's other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode episode episode episode episode episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you you you you you you guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own own own own own own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like like like like like like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming coming coming coming coming coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So So So So So So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for for for for for for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is is is is is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo yo yo yo yo yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to to to to to to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Are Are Are Are Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the the the the the the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need need need need need need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always always always always always always support your right to see random things. I support my right to party and and and and and and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always always always always always always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State State State State State State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also also also also also also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major major major major major major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division Division Division Division Division Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about about about about about about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to to to to to to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations situations situations situations situations situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going going going going going going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design and and and and and and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not not not not not not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment Alignment Alignment Alignment Alignment Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course course course course course course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and and and and and and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care care care care care care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed designed designed designed designed designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to to to to to to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire entire entire entire entire entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the the the the the the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more more more more more more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online online online online online online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online online online online online online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to to to to to to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came came came came came came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over over over over over over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it it it it it it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like like like like like like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned burned burned burned burned burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to to to to to to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December December December December December December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means means means means means means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than than than than than than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is is is is is is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last last last last last last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into into into into into into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay stay stay stay stay stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind kind kind kind kind kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great great great great great great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and and and and and and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or or or or or or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've we've we've we've we've we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings brings brings brings brings brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a a a a a a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your your your your your your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our our our our our our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you you you you you you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level level level level level level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's today's today's today's today's today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it it it it it it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like like like like like like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes yes yes yes yes yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really really really really really really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too too too too too too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this this this this this this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and and and and and and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come come come come come come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're you're you're you're you're you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it it it it it it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of of of of of of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to feel feel feel feel feel feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally mentally mentally mentally mentally mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up up up up up up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A A A A A A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to to to to to to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid rid rid rid rid rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by by by by by by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or or or or or or top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a a a a a a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal personal personal personal personal personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with with with with with with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the the the the the the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every every every every every every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you you you you you you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto onto onto onto onto onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I I I I I I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I I I I I I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that that that that that that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and actually actually actually actually actually actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing doing doing doing doing doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of of of of of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website website website website website website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He He He He He He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of of of of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you you you you you you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible possible possible possible possible possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March March March March March March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low Low Low Low Low Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're we're we're we're we're we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we we we we we we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this this this this this this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is is is is is is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should should should should should should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV TV TV TV TV TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but but but but but but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money money money money money money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle middle middle middle middle middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All All All All All All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never never never never never never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show show show show show show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here here here here here here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know know know know know know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over over over over over over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing representing representing representing representing representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I I I I I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below below below below below below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is is is is is is welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but but but but but but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do do do do do do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my my my my my my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the the the the the the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest latest latest latest latest latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when when when when when when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and and and and and and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind behind behind behind behind behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to to to to to to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented presented presented presented presented presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first first first first first first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very condensed condensed condensed condensed condensed condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions questions questions questions questions questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on on on on on on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for for for for for for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We We We We We We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do do do do do do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become become become become become become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like like like like like like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you you you you you you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already already already already already already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the the the the the the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you you you you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a a a a a a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic mic mic mic mic mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across across across across across across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was was was was was was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be be be be be be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready ready ready ready ready ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good good good good good good for you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life Life Life Life Life Life. Sharing the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a a a a a a meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your your your your your your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading serenading serenading serenading serenading serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to to to to to to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs vs vs vs vs vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of of of of of of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I I I I I I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with with with with with with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's There's There's There's There's There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack lack lack lack lack lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and and and and and and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we we we we we we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot shot shot shot shot shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and and and and and and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that that that that that that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic topic topic topic topic topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so so so so so so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering covering covering covering covering covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and and and and and and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you you you you you you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I I I I I I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the the the the the the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's there was was was was was was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just just just just just just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind mind mind mind mind mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode episode episode episode episode episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love Love Love Love Love Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you you you you you you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have have have have have have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like like like like like like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to to to to to to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just just just just just just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies candies candies candies candies candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and and and and and and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you you you you you you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at at at at at at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome syndrome syndrome syndrome syndrome syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long long long long long long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of of of of of of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually actually actually actually actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your your your your your your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on on on on on on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience experience experience experience experience experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with with with with with with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all all all all all all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know know know know know know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working working working working working working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see see see see see see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We We We We We We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church church church church church church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is is is is is is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love love love love love love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please please please please please please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the the the the the the cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat fat fat fat fat fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms papers papers papers papers papers papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments comments comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy guy guy guy guy guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page page page page page page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto Otto Otto Otto Otto Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he he he he he he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all all all all all all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one one one one one one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you you you you you you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice nice nice nice nice nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where where where where where where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one one one one one one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than than than than than than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my my my my my my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right right right right right right. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be be be be be be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in in in in in in a really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into into into into into into a World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And And And And And And I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make make make make make make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this this this this this this episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss loss loss loss loss loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that that that that that that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events events events events events events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you you you you you you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be be be be be be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go Go Go Go Go Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in in in in in in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, know, know, know, know, know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much much much much much much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but but but but but but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we we we we we we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out out out out out out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while while while while while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going going going going going going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's that's that's that's that's that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on on on on on on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest digest digest digest digest digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to to to to to to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I I I I I I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you you you you you you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're they're they're they're they're they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your your your your your your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much much much much much much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in in in in in in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged charged charged charged charged charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use use use use use use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to to to to to to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the the the the the the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around around around around around around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for for for for for for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I I I I I I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and and and and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at at at at at at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on on on on on on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source source source source source source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time time time time time time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my my my my my my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just just just just just just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and and and and and and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we we we we we we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic Magic Magic Magic Magic Magic on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where where where where where where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and and and and and and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network network network network network network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help help help help help help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be be be be be be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone someone someone someone someone someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How How How How How How are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today today today today today today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an an an an an an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe believe believe believe believe believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon Devon Devon Devon Devon Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years going it it it it it it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast fast fast fast fast fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our our our our our our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy easy easy easy easy easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5 5 5 5 5 5. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to to to to to to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups. I have no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the the the the the the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be be be be be be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low low low low low low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports sports sports sports sports sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in in in in in in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the the the the the the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our our our our our our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the the the the the the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for for for for for for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for for for for for for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago ago ago ago ago ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We We We We We We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this this this this this this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in in in in in in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle castle castle castle castle castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the the the the the the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors authors authors authors authors authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use use use use use use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you you you you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the the the the the the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh oh oh oh oh oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do do do do do do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all all all all all all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do do do do do do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you you you you you you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your your your your your your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if if if if if if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England England England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab grab grab grab grab grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority Priority Priority Priority Priority Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one one one one one one and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really really really really really really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it it it it it it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn turn turn turn turn turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times times times times times times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Full Full Full Full Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there there there there there there is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage damage damage damage damage damage. And anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass pass pass pass pass pass at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I I I I I I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's she's she's she's she's she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear dear dear dear dear dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we are going to be having having having having having having a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working working working working working working together where she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that that that that that that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just just just just just just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a a a a a a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't can't can't can't can't can't wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little little little little little little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that that that that that that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and and and and and and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I I I I I I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in in in in in in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was was was was was was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to to to to to to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to to to to to to be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like like like like like like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names names names names names names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I I I I I I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, them, them, them, them, them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to to to to to to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you you you you you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You You You You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's today's today's today's today's today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a church church church church church church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in in in in in in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going going going going going going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in in in in in in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January January January January January January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Portland Portland Portland Portland Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha Aloha Aloha Aloha Aloha Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She She She She She She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call call call call call call today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High High High High High High School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school euphonium players players players players players players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the the the the the the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in in in in in in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the the the the the the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on on on on on on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for for for for for for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I I I I I I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have have have have have have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode episode episode episode episode episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline airline airline airline airline airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not not not not not not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do do do do do do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do do do do do do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need need need need need need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or or or or or or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim Skyrim Skyrim Skyrim Skyrim Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the the the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Thinking Thinking Thinking Thinking Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to to to to to to talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a a a a a a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked asked asked asked asked asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my my my my my my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today today today today today today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts parts parts parts parts parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was was was was was was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I I I I I I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there there there there there there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found found found found found found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You You You You You You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make make make make make make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've We've We've We've We've We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an an an an an an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on on on on on on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an an an an an an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been been been been been been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We We We We We We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 11 11 11 11 11 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a a a a a a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of of of of of of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She She She She She She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her her her her her her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an an an an an an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit credit credit credit credit credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her her her her her her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is is is is is is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact fact fact fact fact fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse verse verse verse verse verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the the the the the the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director director director director director director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of of of of of of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week week week week week week. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's it's it's it's it's it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you you you you you you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments comments comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess guess guess guess guess guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page page page page page page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not not not not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to to to to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about about about about about about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets assets assets assets assets assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much much much much much much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that that that that that that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be be be be be be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 15 15 15 15 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now Now Now Now Now Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love love love love love love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I I I I I I have told you this so that my joy may be in you you you you you you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other other other other other other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down down down down down down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank thank thank thank thank thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this this this this this this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you you you you you you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that that that that that that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I I I I I I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am use use use use use use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as as as as as as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired aired aired aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is is is is is is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car car car car car car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio audio audio audio audio audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's highly highly highly highly highly highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer pioneer pioneer pioneer pioneer pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and and and and and and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you you you you you you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's it's it's it's it's it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist racist racist racist racist racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both both both both both both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake cake cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying saying saying saying saying saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The The The The The The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments environments environments environments environments environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain villain villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will will will will will will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College College College College College College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? doing doing doing doing doing Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It It It It It It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, there, there, there, there, there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in in in in in in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I I I I I I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way way way way way way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to to to to to to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that that that that that that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone phone phone phone phone phone computer. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone phone phone phone phone phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my my my my my my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of of of of of of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse verse verse verse verse verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was was was was was was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say say say say say say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this this this this this this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun sun sun sun sun sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f f f f f f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the the the the the the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can can can can can can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by by by by by by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls polls polls polls polls polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on on on on on on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and and and and and and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two two two two two two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy Roy Roy Roy Roy Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him him him him him him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication medication medication medication medication medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this this this this this this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one one one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make make make make make make a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to to to to to to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that that that that that that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with with with with with with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you you you you you you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is is is is is is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to to to to to to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and and and and and and Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's it's it's it's it's it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening listening listening listening listening listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that that that that that that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to to to to to to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the the the the the the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like like like like like like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd We'd We'd We'd We'd We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you you you you you you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 30 30 30 30 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get get get get get get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about about about about about about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of of of of of of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web web web web web web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to to to to to to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can can can can can can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but but but but but but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other other other other other other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the the the the the the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know know know know know know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and and and and and and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with with with with with with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in in in in in in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and and and and and and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we we we we we we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the in in in in in in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys guys guys guys guys guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of the the the the the the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were were were were were were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but but but but but but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this this this this this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life life life life life life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of of of of of of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody today. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is is is is is is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's That's That's That's That's That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the the the the the the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I I I I I I so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the the the the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia Sophia Sophia Sophia Sophia Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of of of of of of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving loving loving loving loving loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in in in in in in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I I I I I I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the the the the the the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this is is is is is is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the the the the the the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined joined joined joined joined joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've I've I've I've I've I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of of of of of of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you you you you you you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your your your your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about about about about about about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and and and and and and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer customer customer customer customer customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her Her Her Her Her Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how the the the the the the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect connect connect connect connect connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would would would would would would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police police police police police police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got got got got got got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She She She She She She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let let let let let let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and and and and and and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on on on on on on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today today today today today today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word word word word word word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even even even even even even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of of of of of of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day day day day day day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's it's it's it's it's it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like like like like like like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've we've we've we've we've we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going going going going going going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen listen listen listen listen listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you you you you you you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what what what what what what it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go go go go go go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the the the the the the various different platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can can can can can can edit your podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need need need need need need to have a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the the the the the the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for for for for for for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall wall wall wall wall wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today today today today today today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with with with with with with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I I I I I I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think think think think think think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I I I I I I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally personally personally personally personally personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide guide guide guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and and and and and and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those those those those those those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and and and and and and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw draw draw draw draw draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community Community Community Community Community Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're you're you're you're you're you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask ask ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years years years years years years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and and and and and and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over over over over over over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is is is is is is because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks at a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments moments moments moments moments moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has has has has has has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business business business business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking looking looking looking looking looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you you you you you you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because because because because because because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so so so so so so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, book, book, book, book, book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their their their their their their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better better better better better better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it it it it it it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello hello hello hello hello hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of the the the the the the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is is is is is is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who who who who who who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid. Kid Kid Kid Kid Kid Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old old old old old old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to to to to to to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a a a a a a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the the the the the the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to to to to to to become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and and and and and and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community community community community community community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift lift lift lift lift lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is is is is is is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I I I I I I could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic topic topic topic topic topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what what what what what what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done done done done done done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure sure sure sure sure sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals goals goals goals goals goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are are are are are are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than than than than than than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open open open open open open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following following following following following following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or or or or or or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to to to to to to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at at at at at at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all all all all all all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in in in in in in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if there there there there there there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who who who who who who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major major major major major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know know know know know know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a a a a a a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's it's it's it's it's it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about about about about about about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up up up up up up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what what what what what what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you you you you you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around around around around around around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear hear hear hear hear hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the the the the the the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in in in in in in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values values values values values values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know know know know know know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give give give give give give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo Flamingo Flamingo Flamingo Flamingo Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the the the the the the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass badass badass badass badass badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking taking taking taking taking taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but but but but but but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I I I I I I saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people people people people people people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the the the the the the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with with with with with with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great great great great great great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time time time time time time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach reach reach reach reach reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three three three three three three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can can can can can can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family family family family family family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find find find find find find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I I I I I I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads pads pads pads pads pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving driving driving driving driving driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period period period period period period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had had had had had had to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was was was was was was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this this this this this this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So So So So So So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean mean mean mean mean mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and and and and and and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or or or or or or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our our our our our our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for for for for for for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload unload unload unload unload unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some some some some some some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic topic topic topic topic topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash trash trash trash trash trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking talking talking talking talking talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the the the the the the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip strip strip strip strip strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or or or or or or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books books books books books books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and and and and and and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have have have have have have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you you you you you you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to to to to to to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just just just just just just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I I I I I I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't don't don't don't don't don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for for for for for for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it it it it it it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is is is is is is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to to to to to to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to to to to to to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about about about about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and and and and and and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from from from from from from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third third third third third third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and and and and and and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3 3 3 3 3 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new new new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five five five five five five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which which which which which which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So So So So So So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much much much much much much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of of of of of of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like like like like like like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think think think think think think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you about about about about about about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any type type type type type type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or any other other other other other other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just go on on on on on on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help you you you you you you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it is is is is is is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode episode episode episode episode episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest rest rest rest rest rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that that that that that that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in in in in in in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having having having having having having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a a a a a a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other other other other other other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't can't can't can't can't can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could could could could could could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things things things things things things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all all all all all all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by by by by by by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it it it it it it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If If If If If If so, look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to to to to to to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to to to to to to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you you you you you you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want want want want want want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out out out out out out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app app app app app app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future future future future future future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent percent percent percent percent percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do do do do do do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple apple apple apple apple apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn earn earn earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows allows allows allows allows allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name name name name name name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my my my my my my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and and and and and and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show show show show show show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica mica mica mica mica mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our our our our our our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to to to to to to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with with with with with with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address address address address address address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from from from from from from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from from from from from from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and and and and and and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history history history history history history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image image image image image image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 91 91 91 91 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the the the the the the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even even even even even even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you you you you you you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close close close close close close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to to to to to to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out out out out out out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here here here here here here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode episode episode episode episode episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All right right right right right right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this this this this this this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but but but but but but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just just just just just just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what what what what what what we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The The The The The The coronavirus is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it it it it it it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode episode episode episode episode episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about about about about about about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on on on on on on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog frog frog frog frog frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo photo photo photo photo photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard heard heard heard heard heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I don't don't don't don't don't don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No No No No No No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also also also also also also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a a a a a a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get get get get get get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love love love love love love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes goes goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of of of of of of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American American American American American American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of of of of of of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That That That That That That just gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with with with with with with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good good good good good good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host host host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care care care care care care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join join join join join join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests guests guests guests guests guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach approach approach approach approach approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help help help help help help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be be be be be be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help help help help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind mind mind mind mind mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant consultant consultant consultant consultant consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through through through through through through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic magic magic magic magic magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal Journal Journal Journal Journal Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags fags fags fags fags fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big big big big big big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family in the the the the the the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, know, know, know, know, know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one one one one one one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is is is is is is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was was was was was was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So So So So So So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking talking talking talking talking talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace Embrace Embrace Embrace Embrace Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today today today today today today. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and and and and and and I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's It's It's It's It's It's hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health Health Health Health Health Health. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when when when when when when we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She She She She She She has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it it it it it it whenever I met her and she has spent all these years doing doing doing doing doing doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really really really really really really good discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out out out out out out yet, which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you you you you you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we we we we we we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can can can can can can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the the the the the the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell tell tell tell tell tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store store store store store store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue venue venue venue venue venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay okay okay okay okay okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song song song song song song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think think think think think think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards towards towards towards towards towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and and and and and and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about about about about about about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought thought thought thought thought thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you you you you you you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to to to to to to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a a a a a a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso Caso Caso Caso Caso Caso back where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material material material material material material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made made made made made made was I forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do do do do do do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time time time time time time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good good good good good good and I work backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're you're you're you're you're you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some some some some some some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network Network Network Network Network Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really really really really really really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted posted posted posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last last last last last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as as as as as as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and and and and and and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now now now now now now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Health Health Health Health Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that that that that that that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So So So So So So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going going going going going going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to to to to to to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their their their their their their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, So, So, So, So, So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster Monster Monster Monster Monster Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well well well well well well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as as as as as as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here here here here here here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on on on on on on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after after after after after after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks folks folks folks folks folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know know know know know know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing thing thing thing thing thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology technology technology technology technology technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one one one one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life Life Life Life Life Life others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the the the the the the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that that that that that that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one one one one one one man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a a a a a a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He He He He He He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's it's it's it's it's it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more more more more more more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been been been been been been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right right right right right right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your your your your your your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out out out out out out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go go go go go go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you you you you you you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick pick pick pick pick pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened happened happened happened happened happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in in in in in in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school school school school school school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a a a a a a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out out out out out out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that that that that that that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is is is is is is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my my my my my my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end end end end end end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk talk talk talk talk talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our our our our our our respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be be be be be be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this this this this this this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today today today today today today. Let's talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year seven-year seven-year seven-year seven-year seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's people's people's people's people's people's minds right now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn autumn autumn autumn autumn autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed Closed Closed Closed Closed Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think it is first important important important important important important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down down down down down down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough enough enough enough enough enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go go go go go go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business business business business business business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so so so so so so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is is is is is is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the the the the the the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped skipped skipped skipped skipped skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would would would would would would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't don't don't don't don't don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest guest guest guest guest guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be be be be be be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show for for for for for for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll The The The The The The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great great great great great great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in in in in in in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 $5 $5 $5 $5 $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store store store store store store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like like like like like like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that that that that that that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for for for for for for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've we've we've we've we've we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could could could could could could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week week week week week week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way way way way way way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who who who who who who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the the the the the the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a a a a a a young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one one one one one one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a a a a a a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our our our our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope hope hope hope hope hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is is is is is is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and and and and and and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take take take take take take it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 11 11 11 11 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night night night night night night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio audio audio audio audio audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community community community community community community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online online online online online online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these these these these these these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do do do do do do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are are are are are are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software software software software software software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to to to to to to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either either either either either either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually actually actually actually actually actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If If If If If If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that that that that that that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way way way way way way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for for for for for for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right right right right right right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you you you you you you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will will will will will will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like like like like like like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more more more more more more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to to to to to to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a a a a a a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to to to to to to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking talking talking talking talking talking backwards between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap recap recap recap recap recap episode. We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our our our our our our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind kind kind kind kind kind of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development development development development development development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to to to to to to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for for for for for for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build it it it it it it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years years years years years years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We We We We We We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out out out out out out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy energy energy energy energy energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase phase phase phase phase phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream dream dream dream dream dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and and and and and and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high high high high high high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I worked worked worked worked worked worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been been been been been been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started started started started started started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and and and and and and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no no no no no no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way way way way way way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you you you you you you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a a a a a a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just just just just just just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart apart apart apart apart apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you you you you you you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough enough enough enough enough enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make make make make make make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that that that that that that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but but but but but but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your your your your your your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you you you you you you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have brought brought brought brought brought brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler had have have have have have have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type type type type type type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit suit suit suit suit suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's It's It's It's It's It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and and and and and and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little little little little little little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are are are are are are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before before before before before before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple couple couple couple couple couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode episode episode episode episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My My My My My My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually actually actually actually actually actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is is is is is is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to to to to to to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be be be be be be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the the the the the the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the the the the the the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the the the the the the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free free free free free free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you you you you you you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound sound sound sound sound sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can can can can can can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make make make make make make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be be be be be be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life life life life life life during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm warm warm warm warm warm meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and and and and and and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on on on on on on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked kicked kicked kicked kicked kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the the the the the the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on on on on on on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot shot shot shot shot shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning morning morning morning morning morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush brush brush brush brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today today today today today today we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala palala palala palala palala palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of of of of of of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back back back back back back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's it's it's it's it's it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I I I I I I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine combine combine combine combine combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May May May May May May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going going going going going going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love love love love love love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here here here here here here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in in in in in in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and and and and and and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do do do do do do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do do do do do do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording recording recording recording recording recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check check check check check check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This This This This This This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get get get get get get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 20 20 20 20 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of of of of of of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office office office office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to to to to to to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of of of of of of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup startup startup startup startup startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a giant giant giant giant giant giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have have have have have have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface interface interface interface interface interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around around around around around around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I I I I I I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I I I I I I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have have have have have have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your your your your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't can't can't can't can't can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and and and and and and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal goal goal goal goal goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me me me me me me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start start start start start start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of of of of of of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you you you you you you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also also also also also also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so so so so so so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or or or or or or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it it it it it it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some shit on on on on on on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which is is is is is is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really Really Really Really Really Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here here here here here here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I I I I I I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One One One One One One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the the the the the the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand you you you you you you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let let let let let let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You You You You You You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory victory victory victory victory victory that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk talk talk talk talk talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last last last last last last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I I I I I I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's it's it's it's it's it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys guys guys guys guys guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days days days days days days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that that that that that that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you you you you you you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying trying trying trying trying trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about about about about about about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of of of of of of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of of of of of of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and and and and and and second century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of of of of of of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and and and and and and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par par par par par par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked asked asked asked asked asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing thing thing thing thing thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with with with with with with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be be be be be be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk talk talk talk talk talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular popular popular popular popular popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's It's It's It's It's It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those those those those those those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so so so so so so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is is is is is is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and and and and and and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with with with with with with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and and and and and and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show show show show show show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then then then then then then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building building building building building building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have have have have have have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses courses courses courses courses courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This This This This This This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one one one one one one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise promise promise promise promise promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just just just just just just a single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish fish fish fish fish fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep deep deep deep deep deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch porch porch porch porch porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice nice nice nice nice nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that that that that that that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around Around Around Around Around Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to to to to to to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while while while while while while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's It's It's It's It's It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this this this this this this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand hand hand hand hand hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's it's it's it's it's it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two two two two two two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching watching watching watching watching watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their their their their their their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now now now now now now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of of of of of of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just just just just just just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some some some some some some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature feature feature feature feature feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are are are are are are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift sift sift sift sift sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point point point point point point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought thought thought thought thought thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to to to to to to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the the the the the the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I I I I I I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into into into into into into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one one one one one one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a a a a a a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? there there there there there My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored honored honored honored honored honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company company company company company company because I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen listen listen listen listen listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And And And And And And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So So So So So So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is is is is is is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a a a a a a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the the the the the the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and and and and and and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I I I I I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he he he he he he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the the the the the the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, know, know, know, know, know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of of of of of of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun fun fun fun fun fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what what what what what what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip flip flip flip flip flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on on on on on on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in in in in in in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race race race race race race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we we we we we we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is is is is is is the week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before before before before before before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes classes classes classes classes classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like like like like like like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so so so so so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So So So So So So I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like like like like like like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you you you you you you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I I I I I I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to to to to to to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with with with with with with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too too too too too too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow follow follow follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That That That That That That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, what's what's what's what's what's what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so far. It's It's It's It's It's It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week week week week week week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read read read read read read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they want want want want want want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to to to to to to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see see see see see see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after after after after after after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season season season season season season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since since since since since since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could could could could could could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of of of of of of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big big big big big big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in in in in in in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she she she she she she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? guys guys guys guys guys How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel feel feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around around around around around around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all all all all all all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the the the the the the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that that that that that that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need need need need need need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the the the the the the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for for for for for for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school school school school school school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my my my my my my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw in in in in in in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or or or or or or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I I I I I I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as as as as as as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what what what what what what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my my my my my my husband's grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people people people people people people. We've not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this this this this this this woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and I I I I I I wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and and and and and and that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman woman woman woman woman woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks quirks quirks quirks quirks quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want want want want want want you to kind of join me not just with the people that have have have have have have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores explores explores explores explores explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan scan scan scan scan scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow follow follow follow follow follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television television television television television television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some some some some some some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not best friends friends friends friends friends friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how we we we we we we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie lie lie lie lie lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel feel feel feel feel feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as as as as as as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or or or or or or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are are are are are are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on on on on on on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already already already already already already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on on on on on on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same same same same same same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just just just just just just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this this this this this this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around around around around around around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from from from from from from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to to to to to to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or or or or or or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of of of of of of that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories stories stories stories stories stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's it's it's it's it's it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue continue continue continue continue continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a a a a a a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out out out out out out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a a a a a a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and and and and and and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a lot of of of of of of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no no no no no no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical geography geography geography geography geography geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also also also also also also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing doing doing doing doing doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want want want want want want to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And And And And And And see what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just just just just just just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American American American American American American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you you you you you you got to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the the the the the the top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out out out out out out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to to to to to to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than than than than than than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love love love love love love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is is is is is is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right right right right right right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live Live Live Live Live Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We We We We We We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I I I I I I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together together together together together together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young young young young young young and I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at at at at at at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of of of of of of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about about about about about about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk talk talk talk talk talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me me me me me me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately Unfortunately Unfortunately Unfortunately Unfortunately Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to to to to to to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you you you you you you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type type type type type type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned learned learned learned learned learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table table table table table table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I I I I I I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I I I I I I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you you you you you you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us us us us us us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can can can can can can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it it it it it it on them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here here here here here here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the the the the the the one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving diving diving diving diving diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just just just just just just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this this this this this this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and and and and and and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's there's there's there's there's there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? about about about about about So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up up up up up up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we we we we we we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for for for for for for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You You You You You You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your your your your your your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host host host host host host to read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on on on on on on your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a a a a a a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I I I I I I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all all all all all all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of of of of of of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck neck neck neck neck neck. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just just just just just just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I I I I I I got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this this this this this this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're we're we're we're we're we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - - - - - - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train train train train train train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. I I I I I I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you you you you you you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its its its its its its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to to to to to to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot of of of of of of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work work work work work work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start start start start start start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun shotgun shotgun shotgun shotgun shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team team team team team team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the season who's who's who's who's who's who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see against Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers the crows crows crows crows crows crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue blue blue blue blue blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good good good good good good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would would would would would would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So So So So So So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over over over over over over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and and and and and and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything Anything Anything Anything Anything Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt felt felt felt felt felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am am am am am am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want to to to to to to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not not not not not not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links links links links links links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing thing thing thing thing thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor app app app app app app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode episode episode episode episode episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am am am am am am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to the the the the the the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape shape shape shape shape shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story or need need need need need need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an an an an an an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're We're We're We're We're We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five five five five five five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got got got got got got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race race race race race race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two Two Two Two Two Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to to to to to to be up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in in in in in in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being being being being being being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one one one one one one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner winner winner winner winner winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the the the the the the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll poll poll poll poll poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about about about about about about who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we we we we we we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might might might might might might be and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're We're We're We're We're We're both really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to to to to to to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right right right right right right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens Stevens Stevens Stevens Stevens Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside inside inside inside inside inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week week week week week week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the the the the the the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in Africa called called called called called called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and and and and and and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that that that that that that I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the the the the the the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to to to to to to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that that that that that that goes About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot lot lot lot lot lot of Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very very very very very very severe, you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back back back back back back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a a a a a a bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all all all all all all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you you you you you you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in in in in in in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is is is is is is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam spam spam spam spam spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us us us us us us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to to to to to to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and and and and and and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even even even even even even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track track track track track track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first first first first first first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a a a a a a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a a a a a a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof roof roof roof roof roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a a a a a a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one one one one one one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current Current Current Current Current Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for for for for for for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to to to to to to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on on on on on on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these these these these these these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the the the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 when when when when when when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events from from from from from from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free free free free free free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds thuds thuds thuds thuds thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about the the the the the the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and and and and and and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you you you you you you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the the the the the the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it it it it it it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just just just just just just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of of of of of of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in in in in in in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine mine mine mine mine mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the the the the the the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings writings writings writings writings writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where where where where where where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need need need need need need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now now now now now now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will will will will will will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so so so so so so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with with with with with with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You You You You You You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a a a a a a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you you you you you you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be be be be be be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something something something something something something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first first first first first first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for for for for for for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another another another another another another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was was was was was was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today today today today today today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of of of of of of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we we we we we we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times times times times times times going. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have have have have have have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble getting this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only only only only only only really good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always always always always always always a little off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot troubleshoot troubleshoot troubleshoot troubleshoot troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time time time time time time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that that that that that that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like like like like like like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the the the the the the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold cold cold cold cold cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what what what what what what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just just just just just just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social social social social social social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I I I I I I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 11 11 11 11 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and and and and and and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a a a a a a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world world world world world world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in in in in in in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine fine fine fine fine fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from from from from from from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked talked talked talked talked talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is is is is is is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which which which which which which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a a a a a a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the the the the the the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and and and and and and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and and and and and and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are are are are are are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How How How How How How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different different different different different different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I I I I I I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and and and and and and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot lot lot lot lot lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some some some some some some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first first first first first first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and and and and and and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we we we we we we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life life life life life life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit shit shit shit shit shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped on on on on on on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you you you you you you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do do do do do do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a a a a a a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users of the the the the the the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc Inc Inc Inc Inc Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the the the the the the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you you you you you you know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping helping helping helping helping helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies homies homies homies homies homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad sad sad sad sad sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried fried fried fried fried fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot pot pot pot pot pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this this this this this this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If If If If If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on on on on on on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as as as as as as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then then then then then then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and and and and and and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here here here here here here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo demo demo demo demo demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on on on on on on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could could could could could could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was was was was was was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because because because because because because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse horse horse horse horse horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang bang bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the the the the the the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the the the the the the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way way way way way way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where where where where where where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to to to to to to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 16 16 16 16 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I I I I I I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I I I I I I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the the the the the the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall shall shall shall shall shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of of of of of of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the the the the the the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines Lines Lines Lines Lines Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Will Will Will Will Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner winner winner winner winner winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay okay okay okay okay okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've We've We've We've We've We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way way way way way way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me me me me me me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can can can can can can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the the the the the the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your your your your your your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a a a a a a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or series series series series series series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying causes of of of of of of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They had one one one one one one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but no way way way way way way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There There There There There There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage cage cage cage cage cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground ground ground ground ground ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do do do do do do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps apps apps apps apps apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and and and and and and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app app app app app app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation creation creation creation creation creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or or or or or or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having having having having having having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no no no no no no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to to to to to to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download download download download download download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to to to to to to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed showed showed showed showed showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great great great great great great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do do do do do do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your your your your your your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when when when when when when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off off off off off off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final final final final final final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be be be be be be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our world that the the the the the the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and and and and and and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having having having having having having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is is is is is is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me me me me me me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you you you you you you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all all all all all all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say say say say say say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last last last last last last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine mine mine mine mine mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined by by by by by by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting getting getting getting getting getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to to to to to to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed headed headed headed headed headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on on on on on on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they they they they they they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make make make make make make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot lot lot lot lot lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very very very very very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to to to to to to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it it it it it it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of of of of of of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are are are are are are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things things things things things things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after after after after after after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so so so so so so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places places places places places places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any any any any any any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You You You You You You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last last last last last last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first first first first first first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him him him him him him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached approached approached approached approached approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties parties parties parties parties parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in in in in in in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right right right right right right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be be be be be be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine masculine masculine masculine masculine masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such such such such such such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control control control control control control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of of of of of of what they would like and as a man this is important to your your your your your your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you you you you you you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in in in in in in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's here's here's here's here's here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who who who who who who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to to to to to to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit bit bit bit bit bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten ten ten ten ten ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in in in in in in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a a a a a a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does does does does does does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due due due due due due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a a a a a a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but but but but but but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go go go go go go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want want want want want want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself myself myself myself myself myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we we we we we we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so so so so so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you you you you you you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die die die die die die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man man man man man man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 34 34 34 34 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your your your your your your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was was was was was was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan with no money money money money money money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something something something something something something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if if if if if if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a a a a a a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer answer answer answer answer answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I I I I I I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This This This This This This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you you you you you you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit bit bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will will will will will will guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on on on on on on C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same same same same same same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when when when when when when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the the the the the the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to to to to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing crashing crashing crashing crashing crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long long long long long long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we we we we we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach teach teach teach teach teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is is is is is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening listening listening listening listening listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on on on on on on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's He's He's He's He's He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am am am am am am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? happening happening happening happening happening Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in in in in in in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as as as as as as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need to to to to to to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do do do do do do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can can can can can can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can can can can can can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the the the the the the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban urban urban urban urban urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the the the the the the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management Management Management Management Management Management. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in in in in in in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as as as as as as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would would would would would would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To To To To To To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED FED FED FED FED FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this this this this this this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much much much much much much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be be be be be be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account account account account account account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if he he he he he he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we we we we we we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to the second point. So So So So So So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well well well well well well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All All All All All All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to to to to to to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off off off off off off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from from from from from from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Northwestern Northwestern Northwestern Northwestern Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk slunk slunk slunk slunk slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the the the the the the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping helping helping helping helping helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week week week week week week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like like like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what what what what what what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my my my my my my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for for for for for for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to to to to to to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking talking talking talking talking talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise wise wise wise wise wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me me me me me me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why why why why why why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app app app app app app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got got got got got got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app app app app app app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an an an an an an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make money money money money money money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or or or or or or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you you you you you you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on on on on on on Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Stevie Stevie Stevie Stevie Stevie Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all all all all all all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song song song song song song for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got got got got got got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my my my my my my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the the the the the the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to to to to to to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and and and and and and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of of of of of of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the the the the the the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making making making making making making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we we we we we we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills skills skills skills skills skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they they they they they they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot parrot parrot parrot parrot parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books books books books books books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going going going going going going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from from from from from from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure sure sure sure sure sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to to to to to to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, great, great, great, great, great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of of of of of of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any any any any any any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to to to to to to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young young young young young young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show show show show show show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to to to to to to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about about about about about about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to to to to to to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life life life life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions questions questions questions questions questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for for for for for for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go go go go go go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about about about about about about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little little little little little little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I I I I I I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five five five five five five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in in in in in in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we we we we we we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The The The The The The sports card Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things things things things things things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name name name name name name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest guest guest guest guest guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things things things things things things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? today today today today today Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough rough rough rough rough rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much much much much much much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you you you you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few few few few few few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say say say say say say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a a a a a a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I I I I I I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened listened listened listened listened listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like Like Like Like Like Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times times times times times times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work work work work work work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or or or or or or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to to to to to to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to to to to to to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug plug plug plug plug plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach teach teach teach teach teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son son son son son son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related related related related related related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our our our our our our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first first first first first first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm farm farm farm farm farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and and and and and and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to to to to to to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats seats seats seats seats seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term term term term term term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a a a a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and and and and and and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like like like like like like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own own own own own own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes Hughes Hughes Hughes Hughes Hughes. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and and and and and and for the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of of of of of of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from from from from from from the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of of of of of of God for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to to to to to to orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and and and and and and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to to to to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to to to to to to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how how how how how how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in in in in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is is is is is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear hear hear hear hear hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very very very very very very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you you you you you you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I I I I I I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a a a a a a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were were were were were were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories stories stories stories stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st st st st st st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you you you you you you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure sure sure sure sure sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition edition edition edition edition edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have have have have have have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent lent lent lent lent lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually usually usually usually usually usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix remix remix remix remix remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is is is is is is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to to to to to to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new new new new new new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who who who who who who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens happens happens happens happens happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well well well well well well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's How's How's How's How's How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop stop stop stop stop stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are are are are are are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have have have have have have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still still still still still still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my my my my my my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby Scooby Scooby Scooby Scooby Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for for for for for for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals professionals professionals professionals professionals professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys Journeys Journeys Journeys Journeys Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're we're we're we're we're we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this this this this this this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's America's America's America's America's America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes makes makes makes makes makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the the the the the the song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today today today today today today as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk talk talk talk talk talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society Society Society Society Society Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that that that that that that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about about about about about about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking talking talking talking talking talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen listen listen listen listen listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society Society Society Society Society Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call one one one one one one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for for for for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject subject subject subject subject subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the the the the the the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the the the the the the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to to to to to to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what what what what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about about about about about about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called called called called called called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make make make make make make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get Get Get Get Get Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you you you you you you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth Teeth Teeth Teeth Teeth Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus plus plus plus plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at at at at at at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and and and and and and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not not not not not not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out out out out out out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after after after after after after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two two two two two two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are Are Are Are Are Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in in in in in in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your your your your your your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news news news news news news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush brush brush brush brush brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many many many many many many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show show show show show show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli and and and and and and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get get get get get get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the the the the the the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our our our our our our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already already already already already already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close close close close close close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a a a a a a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale tale tale tale tale tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want want want want want want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and and and and and and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On On On On On On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on on on on on on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back back back back back back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to to to to to to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one one one one one one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we we we we we we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with with with with with with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void void void void void void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people have have have have have have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what what-what what-what what-what Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what what what what what what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in in in in in in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? on on on on on I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 90 90 90 90 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like like like like like like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I I I I I I know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual usual usual usual usual usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, news, news, news, news, news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means means means means means means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we we we we we we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self self self self self self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for for for for for for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to to to to to to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things things things things things things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's It's It's It's It's It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you you you you you you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have have have have have have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would would would would would would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order order order order order order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you you you you you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've you've you've you've you've you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, now, now, now, now, now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get get get get get get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving us us us us us us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is is is is is is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool tool tool tool tool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make make make make make make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to to to to to to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need need need need need need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something something something something something something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all all all all all all things LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys jerseys jerseys jerseys jerseys jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she she she she she she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode episode episode episode episode episode of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months months months months months months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for for for for for for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road road road road road road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help help help help help help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action action action action action action. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form form form form form form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you you you you you you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to to to to to to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where where where where where where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings musings musings musings musings musings of a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor tutor tutor tutor tutor tutor. We find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join join join join join join us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and and and and and and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part part part part part part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family family family family family family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you you you you you you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the the the the the the answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than than than than than than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just just just just just just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever ever ever ever ever ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question question question question question question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all all all all all all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can can can can can can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to to to to to to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download download download download download download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the the the the the the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an an an an an an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode episode episode episode episode episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another another another another another another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have have have have have have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I had had had had had had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can be be be be be be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern of just beating myself myself myself myself myself myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than to do do do do do do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses weaknesses weaknesses weaknesses weaknesses weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very profound and the the the the the the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew knew knew knew knew knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and and and and and and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit sit sit sit sit sit back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We We We We We We hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip sip sip sip sip sip along with yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's That's That's That's That's That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off off off off off off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals corals corals corals corals corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching watching watching watching watching watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have have have have have have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and and and and and and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March March March March March March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He He He He He He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one one one one one one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have to to to to to to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's micro micro micro micro micro micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important important important important important important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question question question question question question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but but but but but but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and and and and and and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this this this this this this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business business business business business business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our our our our our our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as as as as as as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too too too too too too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what what what what what what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like like like like like like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they they they they they they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she she she she she she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at at at at at at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was was was was was was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 48 48 48 48 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got got got got got got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel feel feel feel feel feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what what what what what what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I I I I I I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's word life life life life life life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on things things things things things things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and and and and and and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want want want want want want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening listening listening listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's He's He's He's He's He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview interview interview interview interview interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going going going going going going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your your your your your your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these these these these these these episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here here here here here here if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today today today today today today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me me me me me me. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my my my my my my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out out out out out out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you you you you you you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite polite polite polite polite polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes comes comes comes comes comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel feel feel feel feel feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like like like like like like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or or or or or or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know know know know know know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that that that that that that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside outside outside outside outside outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the the the the the the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and and and and and and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it it it it it it goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do do do do do do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to to to to to to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All All All All All All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out out out out out out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time time time time time time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you you you you you you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, know, know, know, know, know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always always always always always always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this this this this this this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up up up up up up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I I I I I I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super super super super super super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did did did did did did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like like like like like like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just just just just just just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by by by by by by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for for for for for for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home home home home home home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food food food food food food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the the the the the the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because because because because because because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I I I I I I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions directions directions directions directions directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free free free free free free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your your your your your your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that that that that that that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to to to to to to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in in in in in in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name name name name name name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind kind kind kind kind kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, program, program, program, program, program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my my my my my my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What What What What What What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in in in in in in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and and and and and and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape tape tape tape tape tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a a a a a a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of of of of of of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that we're we're we're we're we're we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about about about about about about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the the the the the the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you you you you you you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're we're we're we're we're we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to to to to to to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward forward forward forward forward forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop stop stop stop stop stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the the the the the the youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off off off off off off the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to to to to to to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for for for for for for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in in in in in in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on on on on on on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from from from from from from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank thank thank thank thank thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show show show show show show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in in in in in in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band band band band band band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument instrument instrument instrument instrument instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name name name name name name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall recall recall recall recall recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? up up up up up I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy easy easy easy easy easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got got got got got got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was was was was was was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon soon soon soon soon soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests guests guests guests guests guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How How How How How How are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having having having having having having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I I I I I I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on on on on on on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at at at at at at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in in in in in in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you you you you you you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with with with with with with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first first first first first first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so so so so so so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you you you you you you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do do do do do do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day day day day day day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in in in in in in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what what what what what what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to to to to to to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for for for for for for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So So So So So So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepcin concepcin concepcin concepcin concepcin concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we we we we we we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is is is is is is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need need need need need need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political political political political political political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade decade decade decade decade decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like like like like like like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So So So So So So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is is is is is is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about about about about about about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app app app app app app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and and and and and and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to to to to to to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive Automotive Automotive Automotive Automotive Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our our our our our our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for for for for for for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just just just just just just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their their their their their their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells Bombshells Bombshells Bombshells Bombshells Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting a a a a a a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't can't can't can't can't can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it it it it it it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I I I I I I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer computer computer computer computer computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's It's It's It's It's It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with with with with with with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to to to to to to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the the the the the the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the the the the the the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an an an an an an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you you you you you you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each Each Each Each Each Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up up up up up up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and and and and and and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about about about about about about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give give give give give give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who who who who who who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow follow follow follow follow follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record record record record record record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area area area area area area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the the the the the the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing thing thing thing thing thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in in in in in in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something something something something something something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So So So So So So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why why why why why why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right right right right right right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had had had had had had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to always always always always always always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other other other other other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary scary scary scary scary scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends legends legends legends legends legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is is is is is is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you you you you you you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode episode episode episode episode episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever forever forever forever forever forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode episode episode episode episode episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk talk talk talk talk talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that that that that that that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in in in in in in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend friend friend friend friend friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null null null null null null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other other other other other other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's That's That's That's That's That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be be be be be be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my my my my my my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you you you you you you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where where where where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and and and and and and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a a a a a a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to to to to to to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine engine engine engine engine engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a a a a a a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on on on on on on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts hearts hearts hearts hearts hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's it's it's it's it's it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script script script script script script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the the the the the the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all all all all all all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good good good good good good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you you you you you you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking to start start start start start start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? right right right right right Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my my my my my my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where where where where where where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on on on on on on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you all. Listening Listening Listening Listening Listening Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it it it it it it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid covid covid covid covid covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking talking talking talking talking talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is is is is is is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well Well Well Well Well Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in in in in in in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing writing writing writing writing writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the the the the the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent percent percent percent percent percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and and and and and and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Becky Becky Becky Becky Becky Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And And And And And And this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the the the the the the 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female female female female female female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? week week week week week Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really really really really really really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I I I I I I thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are are are are are are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all all all all all all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me me me me me me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at at at at at at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go go go go go go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do do do do do do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and and and and and and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right right right right right right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could Could Could Could Could Could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This This This This This This would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name name name name name name is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is is is is is is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and and and and and and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet feet feet feet feet feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need need need need need need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 30 30 30 30 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I I I I I I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't don't don't don't don't don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was was was was was was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 30 30 30 30 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've I've I've I've I've I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more more more more more more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say say say say say say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in in in in in in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we we we we we we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may may may may may may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is is is is is is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in the the the the the the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now Now Now Now Now Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm here here here here here here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale Riverdale Riverdale Riverdale Riverdale Riverdale after show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to to to to to to talk about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just just just just just just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other other other other other other little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be be be be be be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown clown clown clown clown clown class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I I I I I I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me me me me me me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut cut cut cut cut cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without without without without without without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also also also also also also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from from from from from from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back back back back back back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth Gareth Gareth Gareth Gareth Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New New New New New New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit bit bit bit bit bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this event event event event event event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and and and and and and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you you you you you you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved one one one one one one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and and and and and and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling counseling counseling counseling counseling counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of of of of of of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social social social social social social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews interviews interviews interviews interviews interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having discussions and and and and and and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We We We We We We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter laughter laughter laughter laughter laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range range range range range range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun fun fun fun fun fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope hope hope hope hope hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope hope hope hope hope hope you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a a a a a a moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really really really really really really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at at at at at at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like like like like like like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that that that that that that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard hard hard hard hard hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your your your your your your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from from from from from from this. I don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book book book book book book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you you you you you you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to to to to to to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said said said said said said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind kind kind kind kind kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that that that that that that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with with with with with with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a a a a a a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that that that that that that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the the the the the the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations operations operations operations operations operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the the the the the the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand brand brand brand brand brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good good good good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this this this this this this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free free free free free free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys guys guys guys guys guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my my my my my my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If If If If If If you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that that that that that that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God God God God God God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at at at at at at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is is is is is is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but but but but but but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I I I I I I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down down down down down down. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot spot spot spot spot spot you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until until until until until until right. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it it it it it it. It's a whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing thing thing thing thing thing is just to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I I I I I I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need need need need need need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week week week week week week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there there there there there there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had had had had had had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's let's let's let's let's let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the the the the the the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick quick quick quick quick quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I I I I I I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a a a a a a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not not not not not not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this this this this this this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I I I I I I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to to to to to to let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out out out out out out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use use use use use use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if if if if if if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to to to to to to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They were were were were were were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature feature feature feature feature feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a a a a a a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices voices voices voices voices voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may may may may may may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like like like like like like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on on on on on on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic mic mic mic mic mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just Just Just Just Just Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that that that that that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to to to to to to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's There's There's There's There's There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years years years years years years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years years years years years years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went went went went went went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and and and and and and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood hood hood hood hood hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the the the the the the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took took took took took took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became became became became became became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's He's He's He's He's He's been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's player's player's player's player's player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with with with with with with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support support support support support support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't can't can't can't can't can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and and and and and and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to to to to to to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever ever ever ever ever ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D D D D D D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you you you you you you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my my my my my my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me me me me me me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's It's It's It's It's It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and and and and and and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather weather weather weather weather weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like like like like like like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for for for for for for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to to to to to to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand understand understand understand understand understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume assume assume assume assume assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess guess guess guess guess guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who who who who who who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult adult adult adult adult adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to to to to to to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of of of of of of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the the the the the the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but but but but but but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And today today today today today today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean by by by by by by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, when I I I I I I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like you people people people people people people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is is is is is is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's brother's brother's brother's brother's brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went went went went went went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now Now Now Now Now Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you you you you you you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman Chatman Chatman Chatman Chatman Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key Key Key Key Key Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened happened happened happened happened happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish ish ish ish ish ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for for for for for for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You You You You You You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have have have have have have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's It's It's It's It's It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves loves loves loves loves loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are are are are are are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another another another another another another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your your your your your your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My My My My My My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you you you you you you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other other other other other other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of of of of of of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit quit quit quit quit quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to to to to to to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that. If If If If If If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever you you you you you you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of you and and and and and and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the the the the the the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with with with with with with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in in in in in in the United States. They are far from the only game in town during during during during during during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to to to to to to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of of of of of of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week week week week week week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next next next next next next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I I I I I I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and and and and and and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me me me me me me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 5 5 5 5 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home home home home home home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New New New New New New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really really really really really really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer longer longer longer longer longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able able able able able able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're you're you're you're you're you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between between between between between between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here here here here here here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This This This This This This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with with with with with with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make make make make make make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you you you you you you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us us us us us us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your your your your your your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why why why why why why reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for for for for for for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion passion passion passion passion passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to to to to to to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near near near near near near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read well-read well-read well-read well-read well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to to to to to to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this year year year year year year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when when when when when when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and and and and and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up up up up up up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still still still still still still have our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement basement basement basement basement basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv tv tv tv tv tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode episode episode episode episode episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about about about about about about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular particular particular particular particular particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream dream dream dream dream dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a a a a a a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple purple purple purple purple purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand the complexities complexities complexities complexities complexities complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up up up up up up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware aware aware aware aware aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and and and and and and pull of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that that that that that that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're we're we're we're we're we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas areas areas areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course course course course course course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about about about about about about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that that that that that that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be be be be be be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and and and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one one one one one one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides sides sides sides sides sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to to to to to to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails emails emails emails emails emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying trying trying trying trying trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people people people people people people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you you you you you you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would would would would would would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done done done done done done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've We've We've We've We've We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further further further further further further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from from from from from from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand brand brand brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until until until until until until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters letters letters letters letters letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein Goldstein Goldstein Goldstein Goldstein Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked asked asked asked asked asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question question question question question question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom mom mom mom mom mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's She's She's She's She's She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights insights insights insights insights insights on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit hit hit hit hit hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China China China China China China into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index index index index index index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how how how how how how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in in in in in in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look look look look look look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home home home home home home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group group group group group group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's that's that's that's that's that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, right, right, right, right, right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show show show show show show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host host host host host host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be be be be be be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's let's let's let's let's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what what what what what what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going going going going going going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes notes notes notes notes notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of of of of of of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on on on on on on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life life life life life life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of of of of of of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New New New New New New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should should should should should should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants participants participants participants participants participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM RCM RCM RCM RCM RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential potential potential potential potential potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what what what what what what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat chat chat chat chat chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of of of of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is is is is is is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the the the the the the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a a a a a a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people people people people people people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an an an an an an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career career career career career career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your your your your your your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is is is is is is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space space space space space space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in in in in in in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight Dwight Dwight Dwight Dwight Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of love. The love we we we we we we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for friends and the the the the the the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could mean mean mean mean mean mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We We We We We We want love to be and you would also be talking about any any any any any any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total Total Total Total Total Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in in in in in in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount to a declaration declaration declaration declaration declaration declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as as as as as as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the similar sounding word word word word word word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in in in in in in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be be be be be be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode episode episode episode episode episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat chat chat chat chat chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's It's It's It's It's It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got got got got got got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real real real real real real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret everything everything everything everything everything everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA MMA MMA MMA MMA MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart heart heart heart heart heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get get get get get get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This This This This This This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a a a a a a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but but but but but but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think think think think think think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups groups groups groups groups groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual individual individual individual individual individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you you you you you you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I I I I I I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with with with with with with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a a a a a a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message message message message message message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and and and and and and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to to to to to to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be be be be be be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to to to to to to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been been been been been been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my my my my my my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of of of of of of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be be be be be be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January January January January January January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good good good good good good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed designed designed designed designed designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to to to to to to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order order order order order order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes notes notes notes notes notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we we we we we we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you you you you you you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own own own own own own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 19 19 19 19 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily easily easily easily easily easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place place place place place place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business business business business business business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be be be be be be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch watch watch watch watch watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the the the the the the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the the the the the the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and and and and and and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I I I I I I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and and and and and and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job job job job job job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I I I I I I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something something something something something something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for for for for for for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council Council Council Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit visit visit visit visit visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and and and and and and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all all all all all all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or or or or or or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you you you you you you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now now now now now now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your your your your your your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for for for for for for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and and and and and and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time time time time time time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out out out out out out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my my my my my my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night night night night night night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about about about about about about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and and and and and and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property property property property property property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row row row row row row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget budget budget budget budget budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple couple couple couple couple couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually actually actually actually actually actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it it it it it it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not not not not not not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been been been been been been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I I I I I I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet meet meet meet meet meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like like like like like like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can can can can can can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our our our our our our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited excited excited excited excited excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I I I I I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my my my my my my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re re re re re re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some some some some some some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of of of of of of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't don't don't don't don't don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and and and and and and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So So So So So So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are are are are are are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was was was was was was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and and and and and and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about about about about about about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how how how how how how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured endured endured endured endured endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those those those those those those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of Of Of Of Of Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your your your your your your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world world world world world world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor will will will will will will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and and and and and and buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other other other other other other Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it it it it it it was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third third third third third third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and and and and and and how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything anything anything anything anything anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message message message message message message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How How How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been been been been been been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will will will will will will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when when when when when when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll be be be be be be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees trees trees trees trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about about about about about about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand hand hand hand hand hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear the the the the the the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving solving solving solving solving solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of of of of of of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one one one one one one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to to to to to to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them them them them them them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in in in in in in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews Jews Jews Jews Jews Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by by by by by by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times times times times times times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? what what what what what I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries fries fries fries fries fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House House House House House House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you you you you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will will will will will will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora Cora Cora Cora Cora Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to to to to to to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of of of of of of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on on on on on on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest invest invest invest invest invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience experience experience experience experience experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or or or or or or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have have have have have have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no no no no no no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the the the the the the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to to to to to to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come come come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our Our Our Our Our Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and and and and and and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those those those those those those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed shed shed shed shed shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and and and and and and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope hope hope hope hope hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed managed managed managed managed managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into into into into into into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from from from from from from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You You You You You You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so so so so so so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like like like like like like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've I've I've I've I've I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the the the the the the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How How How How How How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to to to to to to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our our our our our our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is is is is is is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take take take take take take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having having having having having having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth truth truth truth truth truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or or or or or or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a a a a a a better idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier easier easier easier easier easier process for you. Today is going to be a little bit more more more more more more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some some some some some some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a a a a a a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free free free free free free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of of of of of of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot lot lot lot lot lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with with with with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for for for for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you you you you you you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, well, well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that that that that that that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us us us us us us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a a a a a a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it it it it it it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch catch catch catch catch catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help help help help help help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch catch catch catch catch catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was was was was was was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for for for for for for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out out out out out out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people people people people people people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have have have have have have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, know, know, know, know, know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with with with with with with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to to to to to to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first first first first first first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a a a a a a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal legal legal legal legal legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as as as as as as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and and and and and and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house house house house house house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 32 32 32 32 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture picture picture picture picture picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we we we we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you you you you you you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down down down down down down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad dad dad dad dad dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I I I I I I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby baby baby baby baby baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I I I I I I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that that that that that that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give give give give give give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium premium premium premium premium premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if if if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter matter matter matter matter matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download download download download download download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the the the the the the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This This This This This This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head Head Head Head Head Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be be be be be be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am am am am am am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table table table table table table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the the the the the the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to to to to to to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the the the the the the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University University University University University University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media media media media media media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is is is is is is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students students students students students students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a a a a a a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and and and and and and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking talking talking talking talking talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them them them them them them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off off off off off off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on on on on on on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about about about about about about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were were were were were were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two two two two two two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and and and and and and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and and and and and and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very very very very very very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good good good good good good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I I I I I I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of of of of of of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled titled titled titled titled titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack Rack Rack Rack Rack Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has has has has has has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I I I I I I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask ask ask ask ask ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the the the the the the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad dad dad dad dad dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never never never never never never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today today today today today today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know know know know know know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you you you you you you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I I I I I I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast just to to to to to to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming filming filming filming filming filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough enough enough enough enough enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a a a a a a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or or or or or or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what what what what what what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we we we we we we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why why why why why why not we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're we're we're we're we're we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us us us us us us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed jam-packed jam-packed jam-packed jam-packed jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote quote quote quote quote quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 1 1 1 1 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question question question question question question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no no no no no no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard heard heard heard heard heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the the the the the the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there there there there there there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the the the the the the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going to to to to to to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that line and how it it it it it it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I talked myself myself myself myself myself myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus plus plus plus plus plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope nope nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express express express express express express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something something something something something something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other other other other other other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it it it it it it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism evangelicalism evangelicalism evangelicalism evangelicalism evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It It It It It It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we we we we we we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it it it it it it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better better better better better better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording recording recording recording recording recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you you you you you you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed feed feed feed feed feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world world world world world world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your your your your your your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack lack lack lack lack lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be be be be be be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice twice twice twice twice twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this this this this this this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a a a a a a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together together together together together together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off off off off off off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things things things things things things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against against against against against against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to to to to to to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing packing packing packing packing packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work work work work work work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a a a a a a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even even even even even even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do do do do do do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the the the the the the definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about about about about about about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English English English English English English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to to to to to to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles articles articles articles articles articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think think think think think think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as as as as as as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally literally literally literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor poor poor poor poor poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I I I I I I anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you you you you you you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight straight straight straight straight straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that that that that that that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this this this this this this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you you you you you you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to to to to to to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I I I I I I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot lot lot lot lot lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk talk talk talk talk talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've I've I've I've I've I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for for for for for for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end end end end end end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to to to to to to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what what what what what what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my my my my my my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where where where where where where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might might might might might might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that that that that that that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has has has has has has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the the the the the the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the the the the the the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you you you you you you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in in in in in in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night night night night night night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What What What What What What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close the blinds too late late late late late late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were just just just just just just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should should should should should should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid nursemaid nursemaid nursemaid nursemaid nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as as as as as as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has has has has has has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in in in in in in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that that that that that that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing thing thing thing thing thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I I I I I I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually actually actually actually actually actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem problem problem problem problem problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem problem problem problem problem problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to to to to to to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to to to to to to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, again, again, again, again, again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in in in in in in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 19 19 19 19 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The The The The The The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last last last last last last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think think think think think think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener listener listener listener listener listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is is is is is is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from from from from from from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by by by by by by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House House House House House House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you you you you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be be be be be be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I I I I I I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my my my my my my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories stories stories stories stories stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen listen listen listen listen listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team team team team team team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds Greyhounds Greyhounds Greyhounds Greyhounds Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto Sakamoto Sakamoto Sakamoto Sakamoto Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you you you you you you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my my my my my my friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I I I I I I appreciate you taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what what what what what what have you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I I I I I I my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs Springs Springs Springs Springs Springs at my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're we're we're we're we're we're getting a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode episode episode episode episode episode. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to to to to to to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound sound sound sound sound sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel feel feel feel feel feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem seem seem seem seem seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's What's What's What's What's What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is is is is is is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew knew knew knew knew knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards regards regards regards regards regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first first first first first first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this this this this this this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old old old old old old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk talk talk talk talk talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this this this this this this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good Good Good Good Good Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of of of of of of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other other other other other other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so so so so so so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But But But But But But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They They They They They They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for for for for for for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over over over over over over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off off off off off off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there there there there there there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables tables tables tables tables tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them them them them them them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate operate operate operate operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every every every every every every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect protect protect protect protect protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on on on on on on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to to to to to to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have have have have have have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I I I I I I can just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's It's It's It's It's It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea tea tea tea tea tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if if if if if if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone phone phone phone phone phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him him him him him him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's he's he's he's he's he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's he's he's he's he's he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this this this this this this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British British British British British British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than than than than than than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We We We We We We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and and and and and and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office office office office office office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there there there there there there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going going going going going going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today today today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day Day Day Day Day Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited excited excited excited excited excited for our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited excited excited excited excited excited and you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser browser browser browser browser browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that that that that that that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother mother mother mother mother mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of of of of of of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both both both both both both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake cake cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username username username username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and and and and and and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The The The The The The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain villain villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season season season season season season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then then then then then then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download download download download download download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do do do do do do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You You You You You You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else else else else else else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use use use use use use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something something something something something something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and and and and and and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long long long long long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and and and and and and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman woman woman woman woman woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her her her her her her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by by by by by by her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder murder murder murder murder murder of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series series series series series series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some Some Some Some Some Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is is is is is is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people people people people people people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was was was was was was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of of of of of of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your your your your your your projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be be be be be be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just just just just just just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which which which which which which is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore explore explore explore explore explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body body body body body body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great great great great great great. It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording recording recording recording recording recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused confused confused confused confused confused as to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things things things things things things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you you you you you you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on on on on on on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into into into into into into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our our our our our our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of of of of of of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm firm firm firm firm firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might might might might might might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what what what what what what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be be be be be be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never never never never never never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with with with with with with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood mood mood mood mood mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good good good good good good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going to to to to to to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often often often often often often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one one one one one one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better the the the the the the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were were were were were were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do do do do do do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when when when when when when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier easier easier easier easier easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place place place place place place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or or or or or or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone phone phone phone phone phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation creation creation creation creation creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you you you you you you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way way way way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no no no no no no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How How How How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and and and and and and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you you you you you you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I I I I I I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along in in in in in in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great great great great great great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and and and and and and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is is is is is is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really really really really really really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media media media media media media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die die die die die die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio where where where where where where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls girls girls girls girls girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this this this this this this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by by by by by by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to to to to to to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these these these these these these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the the the the the the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire fire fire fire fire fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor poor poor poor poor poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why why why why why why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel feel feel feel feel feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So So So So So So I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a a a a a a line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as as as as as as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need need need need need need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of of of of of of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot lot lot lot lot lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games games games games games games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply simply simply simply simply simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format format format format format format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and and and and and and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the the the the the the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC UC UC UC UC UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations operations operations operations operations operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is is is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future future future future future future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per Per Per Per Per Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take take take take take take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can can can can can can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important important important important important important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science science science science science science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions functions functions functions functions functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is is is is is is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have have have have have have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those those those those those those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in in in in in in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first first first first first first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I use use use use use use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom custom custom custom custom custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free free free free free free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they they they they they they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom custom custom custom custom custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers customers customers customers customers customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming coming coming coming coming coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and and and and and and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I I I I I I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with with with with with with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any any any any any any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So So So So So So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go go go go go go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the the the the the the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 6 6 6 6 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the ones ones ones ones ones ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free free free free free free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast all in one one one one one one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload upload upload upload upload upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google Google Google Google Google Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to to to to to to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what what what what what what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen listen listen listen listen listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is is is is is is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we we we we we we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and and and and and and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of of of of of of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans pans pans pans pans pans out like that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive impulsive impulsive impulsive impulsive impulsive. So we shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in in in in in in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo combo combo combo combo combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row row row row row row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to to to to to to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road Road Road Road Road Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and and and and and and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up up up up up up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are are are are are are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they they they they they they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men Men Men Men Men Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things things things things things things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that that that that that that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well Well Well Well Well Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in in in in in in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in in in in in in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it it it it it it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the the the the the the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags bags bags bags bags bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to to to to to to make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this this this this this this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with with with with with with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it it it it it it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this this this this this this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of of of of of of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or or or or or or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you you you you you you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her her her her her her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a a a a a a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex sex sex sex sex sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 pm pm pm pm pm pm. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man man man man man man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going going going going going going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is is is is is is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to to to to to to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this this this this this this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're you're you're you're you're you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a a a a a a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called called called called called called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember remember remember remember remember remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free free free free free free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive light-sensitive light-sensitive light-sensitive light-sensitive light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio audio audio audio audio audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen listen listen listen listen listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about about about about about about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not not not not not not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And And And And And And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were were were were were were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to to to to to to the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be be be be be be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't don't don't don't don't don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days days days days days days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He He He He He He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the the the the the the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day day day day day day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but but but but but but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented talented talented talented talented talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and and and and and and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most most most most most most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the the the the the the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by by by by by by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over over over over over over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the the the the the the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by by by by by by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger anger anger anger anger anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That That That That That That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what what what what what what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love love love love love love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's It's It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want want want want want want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as as as as as as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money money money money money money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have have have have have have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess guess guess guess guess guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're you're you're you're you're you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get get get get get get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the the the the the the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but but but but but but you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is is is is is is probably the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered covered covered covered covered covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other other other other other other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a a a a a a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make make make make make make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to to to to to to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get get get get get get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is is is is is is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London London London London London London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA Tanner Tanner Tanner Tanner Tanner Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name. Do Do Do Do Do Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like like like like like like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho ho ho ho ho ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because because because because because because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides guides guides guides guides guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want want want want want want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close close close close close close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you you you you you you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of of of of of of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care of of of of of of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to to to to to to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all all all all all all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to to to to to to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to to to to to to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D D D D D D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic akashic akashic akashic akashic akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today today today today today today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much much much much much much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started started started started started started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand brand brand brand brand brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's it's it's it's it's it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to to to to to to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we we we we we we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had had had had had had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to to to to to to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to to to to to to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some some some some some some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of of of of of of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we we we we we we are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that that that that that that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's It's It's It's It's It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro intro intro intro intro intro song We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked liked liked liked liked liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you you you you you you make us a part of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might might might might might might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man man man man man man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that that that that that that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as as as as as as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the the the the the the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the the the the the the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so so so so so so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we we we we we we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour hour hour hour hour hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit bit bit bit bit bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there there there there there there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week week week week week week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game game game game game game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million million million million million million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of of of of of of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot lot lot lot lot lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League League League League League League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you you you you you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last last last last last last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about about about about about about before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you you you you you you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the the the the the the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think think think think think think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain certain certain certain certain certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want want want want want want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we we we we we we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives gives gives gives gives gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click click click click click click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, know, know, know, know, know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the the the the the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role role role role role role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you you you you you you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now now now now now now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where where where where where where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth truth truth truth truth truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me me me me me me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up up up up up up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach approach approach approach approach approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course course course course course course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More More More More More More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about about about about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of of of of of of a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often often often often often often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do do do do do do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just just just just just just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a a a a a a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot about about about about about about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So So So So So So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able able able able able able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you you you you you you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the the the the the the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show show show show show show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig Pig Pig Pig Pig Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband husband husband husband husband husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to to to to to to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked looked looked looked looked looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with with with with with with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something something something something something something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group group group group group group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your your your your your your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we we we we we we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, show, show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And And And And And And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just just just just just just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years years years years years years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have have have have have have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list list list list list list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also also also also also also hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about about about about about about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and and and and and and what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy happy happy happy happy happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's It's It's It's It's It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married married married married married married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address address address address address address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far far far far far far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake mistake mistake mistake mistake mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out out out out out out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I said said said said said said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You You You You You You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk talk talk talk talk talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do do do do do do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will will will will will will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the the the the the the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just just just just just just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare snare snare snare snare snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we we we we we we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is a drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid kit kit kit kit kit kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts one one one one one one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in part part part part part part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum drum drum drum drum drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into into into into into into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out out out out out out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them them them them them them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, know, know, know, know, know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is is is is is is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on on on on on on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But But But But But But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can can can can can can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know know know know know know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the the the the the the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which which which which which which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you you you you you you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share share share share share share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for for for for for for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three three three three three three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl girl girl girl girl girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so so so so so so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and and and and and and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and and and and and and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode episode episode episode episode episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from from from from from from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power power power power power power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things things things things things things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose whose whose whose whose whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's He's He's He's He's He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was that you're you're you're you're you're you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, bring it it it it it it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will will will will will will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie movie movie movie movie movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on on on on on on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo Zumo Zumo Zumo Zumo Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't don't don't don't don't don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps helps helps helps helps helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as as as as as as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc Marc Marc Marc Marc Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a a a a a a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete complete complete complete complete complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is is is is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a a a a a a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow follow follow follow follow follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with with with with with with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to to to to to to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other other other other other other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having having having having having having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where where where where where where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like like like like like like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned turned turned turned turned turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there there there there there there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows shows shows shows shows shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I I I I I I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to to to to to to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole card card card card card card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I think think think think think think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some some some some some some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away away away away away away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try try try try try try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, free, free, free, free, free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going going going going going going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member member member member member member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league league league league league league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest guest guest guest guest guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new new new new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for for for for for for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight eight eight eight eight eight and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I I I I I I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need need need need need need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk talk talk talk talk talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that that that that that that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and and and and and and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a a a a a a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of of of of of of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in in in in in in October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that that that that that that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if if if if if if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online online online online online online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team Team Team Team Team Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I I I I I I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work work work work work work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and and and and and and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the the the the the the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple temple temple temple temple temple at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man man man man man man who was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple temple temple temple temple temple courts when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for for for for for for money Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us us us us us us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in the the the the the the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight fight fight fight fight fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall wall wall wall wall wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed showed showed showed showed showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was was was was was was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when when when when when when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom bloom bloom bloom bloom bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days days days days days days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for for for for for for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It was was was was was was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was was was was was was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back back back back back back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on on on on on on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have have have have have have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It It It It It It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and and and and and and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First First First First First First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems seems seems seems seems seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been been been been been been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get get get get get get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I I I I I I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls calls calls calls calls calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best best best best best best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must must must must must must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is is is is is is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none none none none none none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the the the the the the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't don't don't don't don't don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't don't don't don't don't don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've you've you've you've you've you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to to to to to to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, one, one, one, one, one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart heart heart heart heart heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she she she she she she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life life life life life life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey journey journey journey journey journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems problems problems problems problems problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple simple simple simple simple simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are are are are are are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current current current current current current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate hate hate hate hate hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year year year year year year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview interview interview interview interview interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and and and and and and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you you you you you you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your your your your your your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record record record record record record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to to to to to to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily easily easily easily easily easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and and and and and and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with with with with with with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by by by by by by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and and and and and and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's there's there's there's there's there's this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought thought thought thought thought thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock clock clock clock clock clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been been been been been been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked looked looked looked looked looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've we've we've we've we've we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are are are are are are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of of of of of of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email email email email email email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me me me me me me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I I I I I I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with with with with with with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an an an an an an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed changed changed changed changed changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing thing thing thing thing thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any any any any any any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with with with with with with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged engaged engaged engaged engaged engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward forward forward forward forward forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a a a a a a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and and and and and and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I I I I I I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird weird weird weird weird weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care care care care care care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there there there there there there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as as as as as as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get get get get get get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's That's That's That's That's That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out and and and and and and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not not not not not not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her her her her her her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about about about about about about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We We We We We We know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're we're we're we're we're we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in in in in in in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will will will will will will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political political political political political political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do do do do do do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I I I I I I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join join join join join join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and and and and and and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was was was was was was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on on on on on on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder murder murder murder murder murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault assault assault assault assault assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13 13 13 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference conference conference conference conference conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in in in in in in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely solely solely solely solely solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers engineers engineers engineers engineers engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you you you you you you can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every every every every every every story can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the the the the the the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is is is is is is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at one one one one one one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story story story story story story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass glass glass glass glass glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it it it it it it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get get get get get get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all all all all all all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I I I I I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from from from from from from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time time time time time time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound sound sound sound sound sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another another another another another another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new new new new new new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you you you you you you watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold hold hold hold hold hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is is is is is is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and and and and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys guys guys guys guys guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick stick stick stick stick stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win win win win win win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments on on on on on on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this this this this this this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as as as as as as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into into into into into into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? think think think think think It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that that that that that that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and and and and and and Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own own own own own own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women women women women women women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all all all all all all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s mid-1960s mid-1960s mid-1960s mid-1960s mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The The The The The The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as as as as as as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least least least least least least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California California California California California California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of of of of of of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and and and and and and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order order order order order order to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit visit visit visit visit visit a friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light Light Light Light Light Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one one one one one one of the speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it it it it it it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable enjoyable enjoyable enjoyable enjoyable enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because because because because because because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best best best best best best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can can can can can can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends friends friends friends friends friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and and and and and and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if if if if if if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another another another another another another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a a a a a a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So So So So So So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person person person person person person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms terms terms terms terms terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out out out out out out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from from from from from from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode episode episode episode episode episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during during during during during during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG OG OG OG OG OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So So So So So So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A A A A A A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and and and and and and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing doing doing doing doing doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we are are are are are are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened opened opened opened opened opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you you you you you you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit habit habit habit habit habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay. So So So So So So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we we we we we we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are are are are are are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are are are are are are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream stream stream stream stream stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you you you you you you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be be be be be be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How How How How How How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all all all all all all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I I I I I I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity creativity creativity creativity creativity creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was was was was was was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and and and and and and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because because because because because because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I I I I I I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as as as as as as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and and and and and and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many many many many many many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the the the the the the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community community community community community community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the the the the the the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is is is is is is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short short short short short short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really really really really really really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in in in in in in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me me me me me me and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So So So So So So we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here here here here here here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally literally literally literally literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight sight sight sight sight sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just just just just just just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though though though though though though. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again again again again again again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in in in in in in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at at at at at at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you you you you you you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, Awesome, Awesome, Awesome, Awesome, Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has has has has has has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time time time time time time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never Never Never Never Never Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late late late late late late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to to to to to to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of of of of of of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I I I I I I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear Smear Smear Smear Smear Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a a a a a a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and and and and and and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be be be be be be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here here here here here here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my name name name name name name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and and and and and and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that that that that that that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a a a a a a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by by by by by by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird weird weird weird weird weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I I I I I I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one one one one one one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro intro intro intro intro intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a a a a a a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out out out out out out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but but but but but but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used used used used used used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home home home home home home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the the the the the the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league league league league league league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk walk walk walk walk walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad bad bad bad bad bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight straight straight straight straight straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the the the the the the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know know know know know know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I I I I I I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake cake cake cake cake cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go go go go go go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he he he he he he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two two two two two two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more more more more more more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the the the the the the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself himself himself himself himself himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me me me me me me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again again again again again again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of of of of of of sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you you you you you you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this this this this this this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold cold cold cold cold cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the the the the the the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it it it it it it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial glial glial glial glial glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if if if if if if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the the the the the the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research research research research research research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of of of of of of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin Austin Austin Austin Austin Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most most most most most most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in in in in in in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it it it it it it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? that that that that that So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down down down down down down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get get get get get get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why why why why why why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And And And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was was was was was was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great great great great great great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work work work work work work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of of of of of of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read read read read read read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy shy shy shy shy shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her her her her her her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your your your your your your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the the the the the the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So So So So So So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download download download download download download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit hit hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best best best best best best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the the the the the the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this this this this this this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave leave leave leave leave leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all all all all all all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag bag bag bag bag bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We We We We We We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't don't don't don't don't don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do do do do do do some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really really really really really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need need need need need need this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week four-week four-week four-week four-week four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You You You You You You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You You You You You You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very very very very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so so so so so so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet planet planet planet planet planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but but but but but but here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make make make make make make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided decided decided decided decided decided you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, Netflix, Netflix, Netflix, Netflix, Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a a a a a a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and and and and and and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share share share share share share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of of of of of of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last last last last last last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my my my my my my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating dating dating dating dating dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and and and and and and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up up up up up up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through through through through through through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people people people people people people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of of of of of of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me me me me me me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us us us us us us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end end end end end end. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your your your your your your Saving Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is is is is is is about it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the the the the the the beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There There There There There There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really really really really really really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you you you you you you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch merch merch merch merch merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores stores stores stores stores stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that that that that that that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So So So So So So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different different different different different different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it it it it it it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to explore explore explore explore explore explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of of of of of of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is is is is is is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a a a a a a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of of of of of of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having hard hard hard hard hard hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's It's It's It's It's It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya ya ya ya ya ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a a a a a a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got got got got got got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very very very very very very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test test test test test test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in in in in in in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for for for for for for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it it it it it it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because because because because because because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in in in in in in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone phone phone phone phone phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, events, events, events, events, events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here here here here here here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to to to to to to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out there there there there there there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out out out out out out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way way way way way way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you you you you you you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's today's today's today's today's today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of of of of of of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and and and and and and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working working working working working working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined joined joined joined joined joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank thank thank thank thank thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's There's There's There's There's There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can can can can can can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That That That That That That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I I I I I I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a a a a a a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Has Has Has Has Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This This This This This This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the the the the the the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited excited excited excited excited excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in in in in in in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand grand grand grand grand grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of of of of of of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because because because because because because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off off off off off off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So So So So So So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on on on on on on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking looking looking looking looking looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they they they they they they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is is is is is is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We We We We We We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so so so so so so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So So So So So So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and and and and and and you always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in a a a a a a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis and and and and and and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River River River River River River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their their their their their their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that that that that that that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some some some some some some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know know know know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I I I I I I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back back back back back back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you you you you you you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this this this this this this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where where where where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in in in in in in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means means means means means means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the the the the the the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually actually actually actually actually actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a a a a a a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk talk talk talk talk talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any any any any any any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to to to to to to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? there there there there there So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here here here here here here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is is is is is is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node node node node node node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a a a a a a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I I I I I I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our our our our our our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store store store store store store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to to to to to to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of of of of of of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that that that that that that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom. I'll post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand understand understand understand understand understand how to build the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have have have have have have to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier before you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in in in in in in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you you you you you you know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad bad bad bad bad bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did did did did did did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite quite quite quite quite quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually actually actually actually actually actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if if if if if if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and and and and and and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the the the the the the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right right right right right right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written for for for for for for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this this this this this this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode of of of of of of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are are are are are are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at at at at at at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to to to to to to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to to to to to to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can can can can can can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that that that that that that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best best best best best best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college college college college college college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally literally literally literally literally literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back back back back back back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was was was was was was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a a a a a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste caste caste caste caste caste. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in in in in in in. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is is is is is is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name name name name name name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and and I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement statement statement statement statement statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to to to to to to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's it's it's it's it's it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have have have have have have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life life life life life life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to to to to to to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me me me me me me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's Jessica's Jessica's Jessica's Jessica's Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right right right right right right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to to to to to to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I I I I I I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because because because because because because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with with with with with with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think think think think think think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I I I I I I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels feels feels feels feels feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never never never never never never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I I I I I I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like like like like like like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an an an an an an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a a a a a a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is is is is is is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once once once once once once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go go go go go go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So So So So So So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it it it it it it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to to to to to to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to to to to to to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So So So So So So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all all all all all all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the the the the the the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those those those those those those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered scattered scattered scattered scattered scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that that that that that that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident resident resident resident resident resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You You You You You You know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about about about about about about some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the the the the the the system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have have have have have have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to to to to to to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down down down down down down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but but but but but but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk talk talk talk talk talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with with with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk talk talk talk talk talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms acronyms acronyms acronyms acronyms acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with with with with with with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he passed passed passed passed passed passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge badge badge badge badge badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight flight flight flight flight flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight flight flight flight flight flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer offer offer offer offer offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick quick quick quick quick quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured assured assured assured assured assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and and and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to to to to to to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and and and and and and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with with with with with with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the last last last last last last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was been been been been been been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Round Round Round Round Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay pay pay pay pay pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by by by by by by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do do do do do do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name name name name name name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and and and and and and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with with with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your your your your your your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to to to to to to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works works works works works works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things things things things things things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts starts starts starts starts starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called called called called called called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you you you you you you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch catch catch catch catch catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the the the the the the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this this this this this this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we we we we we we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things things things things things things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that that that that that that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally finally finally finally finally finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is is is is is is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share share share share share share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the the the the the the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy boy boy boy boy boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a a a a a a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL AL AL AL AL AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the the the the the the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let Let Let Let Let Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the the the the the the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do do do do do do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going going going going going going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the the the the the the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns concerns concerns concerns concerns concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and and and and and and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started started started started started started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where where where where where where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator creator creator creator creator creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share share share share share share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in in in in in in life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the the the the the the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going going going going going going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always always always always always always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really really really really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days days days days days days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just just just just just just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and and and and and and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on on on on on on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he he he he he he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This This This This This This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described described described described described described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And And And And And And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that that that that that that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of of of of of of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or or or or or or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of of of of of of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in in in in in in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of of of of of of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over over over over over over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to to to to to to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also also also also also also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you you you you you you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is is is is is is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making making making making making making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for for for for for for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being being being being being being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How How How How How How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first first first first first first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium medium medium medium medium medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in in in in in in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, payment, payment, payment, payment, payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what what what what what what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I I I I I I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are are are are are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with with with with with with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming coming coming coming coming coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited excited excited excited excited excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true true true true true true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too too too too too too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story story story story story story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How How How How How How do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we we we we we we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only only only only only only known it like five ten years before early because all I need need need need need need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish publish publish publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply simply simply simply simply simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to to to to to to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a a a a a a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this this this this this this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media media media media media media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage dressage dressage dressage dressage dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave leave leave leave leave leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to to to to to to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I I I I I I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the the the the the the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the the the the the the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the the the the the the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but no by at at at at at at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan Hassan Hassan Hassan Hassan Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what what what what what what keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for for for for for for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my my my my my my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so so so so so so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's let's let's let's let's let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an an an an an an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know, you you you you you you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there's there's there's there's there's there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we we we we we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so so so so so so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event event event event event event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear bear bear bear bear bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole whole whole whole whole whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along along along along along along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in the the the the the the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So So So So So So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How How How How How How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been been been been been been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's it's it's it's it's it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in a while while while while while while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as as as as as as much I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that that that that that that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always always always always always always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I I I I I I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already already already already already already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same same same same same same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to to to to to to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this this this this this this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw saw saw saw saw saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think think think think think think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting visiting visiting visiting visiting visiting together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are are are are are are the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say say say say say say to you blessed beans that you are you are in the process of creating most most most most most most of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to to to to to to the reality of the greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality reality reality reality reality reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also also also also also also in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now now now now now now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the the the the the the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us in in in in in in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain complain complain complain complain complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we we we we we we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta ta ta ta ta ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was was was was was was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children children children children children children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to to to to to to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about about about about about about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever forever forever forever forever forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Candice Candice Candice Candice Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions reunions reunions reunions reunions reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel feel feel feel feel feel good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is is is is is is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference reference reference reference reference reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is is is is is is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based based based based based based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my my my my my my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine heroine heroine heroine heroine heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the the the the the the outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about about about about about about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may may may may may may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people people people people people people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America America America America America America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to to to to to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road road road road road road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill chill chill chill chill chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind wind wind wind wind wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside inside inside inside inside inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South South South South South South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as as as as as as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of of of of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host host host host host host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse diverse diverse diverse diverse diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique unique unique unique unique unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did did did did did did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe believe believe believe believe believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain certain certain certain certain certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you you you you you you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know know know know know know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls girls girls girls girls girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why Why Why Why Why Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has has has has has has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about about about about about about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only only only only only only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please please please please please please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long long long long long long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether whether whether whether whether whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But But But But But But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our our our our our our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it it it it it it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your your your your your your day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together together together together together together and pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your your your your your your week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my my my my my my South out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me me me me me me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer call before I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for for for for for for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to to to to to to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind behind behind behind behind behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or or or or or or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with with with with with with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear gear gear gear gear gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my my my my my my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat baat baat baat baat baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid kid kid kid kid kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers answers answers answers answers answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the the the the the the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got got got got got got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's she's she's she's she's she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's life's life's life's life's life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving achieving achieving achieving achieving achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you you you you you you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting getting getting getting getting getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live live live live live live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you you you you you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be be be be be be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced announced announced announced announced announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner winner winner winner winner winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming filming filming filming filming filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless unless unless unless unless unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below below below below below below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to to to to to to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that that that that that that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show show show show show show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for for for for for for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She She She She She She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves serves serves serves serves serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee committee committee committee committee committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and and and and and and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's He's He's He's He's He's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on on on on on on this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to to to to to to date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and and and and and and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So So So So So So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different different different different different different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well well well well well well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a a a a a a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them them them them them them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before before before before before before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since since since since since since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been been been been been been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played played played played played played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to to to to to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart smart smart smart smart smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is is is is is is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of of of of of of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house house house house house house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going going going going going going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or or or or or or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you you you you you you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front front front front front front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little little little little little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things things things things things things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's There's There's There's There's There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download download download download download download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title title title title title title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Small Small Small Small Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their their their their their their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you you you you you you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website website website website website website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how how how how how how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I I I I I I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good good good good good good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above above above above above above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it it it it it it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who who who who who who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of of of of of of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school school school school school school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any any any any any any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump jump jump jump jump jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because because because because because because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here here here here here here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of of of of of of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really really really really really really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself myself myself myself myself myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability ability ability ability ability ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you you you you you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description description description description description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going going going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as as as as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after after after after after after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner winner winner winner winner winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this this this this this this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's That's That's That's That's That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, Crawley, Crawley, Crawley, Crawley, Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that that that that that that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live live live live live live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's It's It's It's It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a a a a a a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met met met met met met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one one one one one one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what what what what what what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him him him him him him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He He He He He He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it it it it it it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as as as as as as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going going going going going going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's he's he's he's he's he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open open open open open open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once once once once once once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment moment moment moment moment moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the the the the the the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're We're We're We're We're We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top top top top top top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he he he he he he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start start start start start start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So So So So So So my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and and and and and and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep keep keep keep keep keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come come come come come come chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to to to to to to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's It's It's It's It's It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She She She She She She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category category category category category category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster faster faster faster faster faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not not not not not not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it it it it it it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that in in in in in in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern modern modern modern modern modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people people people people people people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating dating dating dating dating dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new new new new new new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views Views Views Views Views Views. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up up up up up up about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If If If If If If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop shop shop shop shop shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your your your your your your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results results results results results results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from from from from from from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are are are are are are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going going going going going going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to to to to to to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought thought thought thought thought thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find find find find find find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated. She She She She She She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole thing thing thing thing thing thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was was was was was was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved involved involved involved involved involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had had had had had had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what what what what what what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is the the the the the the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what what what what what what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be be be be be be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of of of of of of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is is is is is is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the the the the the the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life life life life life life as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on on on on on on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with with with with with with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is is is is is is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of of of of of of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let let let let let let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so so so so so so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And And And And And And this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with with with with with with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with with with with with with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it it it it it it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and and and and and and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of of of of of of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you you you you you you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've you've you've you've you've you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to to to to to to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you you you you you you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really really really really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just just just just just just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out out out out out out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good Good Good Good Good Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be Be Be Be Be Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We We We We We We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the the the the the the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, say, say, say, say, say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer summer summer summer summer summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to to to to to to learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a a a a a a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who who who who who who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name name name name name name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I I I I I I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am am am am am am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is is is is is is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody who who who who who who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is is is is is is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one one one one one one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East East East East East East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include include include include include include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from stories stories stories stories stories stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless unless unless unless unless unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you you you you you you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always the the the the the the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard heard heard heard heard heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating exhilarating exhilarating exhilarating exhilarating exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I I I I I I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of of of of of of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role role role role role role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor favor favor favor favor favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw saw saw saw saw saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce to to to to to to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that that that that that that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it it it it it it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are are are are are are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of of of of of of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start start start start start start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and and and and and and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an an an an an an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so so so so so so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard colvard colvard colvard colvard colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I I I I I I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in in in in in in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good good good good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe gripe gripe gripe gripe gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 1 1 1 1 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got got got got got got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home home home home home home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still still still still still still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for for for for for for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 16 16 16 16 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into into into into into into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if if if if if if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on on on on on on the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? difficulties difficulties difficulties difficulties difficulties So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying saying saying saying saying saying where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not not not not not not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll catch up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words words words words words words Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing editing editing editing editing editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash trash trash trash trash trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't can't can't can't can't can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me me me me me me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great great great great great great if you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because because because because because because I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and and and and and and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would would would would would would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try try try try try try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like like like like like like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You You You You You You gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I I I I I I told the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him him him him him him who is the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I I I I I I am free from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the the the the the the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right right right right right right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace peace peace peace peace peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he he he he he he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been given and and and and and and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply supply supply supply supply supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be be be be be be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're we're we're we're we're we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than than than than than than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that that that that that that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and and and and and and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial trial trial trial trial trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and and and and and and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial trial trial trial trial trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So heinous FBI director director director director director director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things things things things things things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books books books books books books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your your your your your your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page page page page page page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future future future future future future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you you you you you you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks sticks sticks sticks sticks sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower lower lower lower lower lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have have have have have have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their their their their their their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes rhymes rhymes rhymes rhymes rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done done done done done done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your your your your your your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within within within within within within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything everything everything everything everything everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can can can can can can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is is is is is is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to to to to to to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they they they they they they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use use use use use use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really really really really really really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and and and and and and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against against against against against against children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The The The The The The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth myth myth myth myth myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and and and and and and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the the the the the the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge edge edge edge edge edge a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a a a a a a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on which which which which which which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How How How How How How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better better better better better better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train legs legs legs legs legs legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't even do do do do do do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of these people who who who who who who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I I I I I I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it feels feels feels feels feels feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this this this this this this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going going going going going going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't don't don't don't don't don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody melody melody melody melody melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have have have have have have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's what's what's what's what's what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at at at at at at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy Dairy Dairy Dairy Dairy Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's today's today's today's today's today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was was was was was was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time time time time time time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and and and and and and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the the the the the the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe believe believe believe believe believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just just just just just just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for for for for for for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the president president president president president president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other other other other other other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host host host host host host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to to to to to to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season season season season season season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to to to to to to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat chat chat chat chat chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court Court Court Court Court Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma Oklahoma Oklahoma Oklahoma Oklahoma Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back back back back back back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in in in in in in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush brush brush brush brush brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but but but but but but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front front front front front front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the the the the the the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the the the the the the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the the the the the the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict strict strict strict strict strict on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to to to to to to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that that that that that that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all the work work work work work work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and host unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download now now now now now now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how how how how how how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day day day day day day he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be be be be be be with God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up up up up up up to be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says says says says says says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else else else else else else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the the the the the the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking talking talking talking talking talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the the the the the the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this this this this this this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is is is is is is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more more more more more more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as as as as as as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 25 25 25 25 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do Do Do Do Do Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my my my my my my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last last last last last last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of of of of of of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their their their their their their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your your your your your your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you you you you you you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in in in in in in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an an an an an an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? source source source source source I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not not not not not not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be be be be be be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of of of of of of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean mean mean mean mean mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a a a a a a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with with with with with with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for for for for for for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I I I I I I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because because because because because because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo poo poo poo poo poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey grey grey grey grey grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me me me me me me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last last last last last last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with with with with with with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in in in in in in 1996 week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a a a a a a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right right right right right right here every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you you you you you you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about about about about about about the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I I I I I I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash slash slash slash slash slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of of of of of of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over over over over over over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even Even Even Even Even Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to to to to to to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a a a a a a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring painter was a a a a a a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits visits visits visits visits visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you you you you you you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to to to to to to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our our our our our our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name name name name name name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from from from from from from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself himself himself himself himself himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My My My My My My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at at at at at at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the the the the the the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back back back back back back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's today's today's today's today's today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information on on on on on on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for information purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional professional professional professional professional professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes babes babes babes babes babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN of tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the the the the the the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants ants ants ants ants ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question question question question question question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing vibing vibing vibing vibing vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people people people people people people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here here here here here here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and and and and and and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very very very very very very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about about about about about about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for for for for for for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right right right right right right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is is is is is is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on on on on on on here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using using using using using using anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally free. Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other other other other other other platforms number four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and and and and and and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here here here here here here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no no no no no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs atrs atrs atrs atrs atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out of the the the the the the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the YouTubes YouTubes YouTubes YouTubes YouTubes YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my my my my my my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want want want want want want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end end end end end end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just just just just just just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio legio legio legio legio legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it it it it it it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become become become become become become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and and and and and and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables disables disables disables disables disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might might might might might might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and and and and and and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of of of of of of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people people people people people people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it it it it it it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a a a a a a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by by by by by by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy energy energy energy energy energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows flows flows flows flows flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the the the the the the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence presence presence presence presence presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of of of of of of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues continues continues continues continues continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually actually actually actually actually actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I I I I I I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a a a a a a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on a show really really really really really really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with with with with with with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was was was was was was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but but but but but but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y y y y y y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the the the the the the 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets markets markets markets markets markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with with with with with with a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be be be be be be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations expectations expectations expectations expectations expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within within within within within within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow follow follow follow follow follow suit. It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by by by by by by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate rate rate rate rate rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the the the the the the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by by by by by by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back back back back back back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments comments comments comments comments comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's that's that's that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my my my my my my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at at at at at at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is is is is is is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for for for for for for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to to to to to to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State State State State State State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and and and and and and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they they they they they they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of of of of of of that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of of of of of of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won won won won won won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six six six six six six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without without without without without without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot lot lot lot lot lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of of of of of of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something something something something something something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to to to to to to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists activists activists activists activists activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this this this this this this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at at at at at at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been been been been been been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by by by by by by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and and and and and and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All All All All All All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, one, one, one, one, one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with with with with with with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout shout shout shout shout shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like like like like like like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view view view view view view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also also also also also also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week week week week week week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation exfoliation exfoliation exfoliation exfoliation exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out out out out out out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're We're We're We're We're We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year year year year year year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to to to to to to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name name name name name name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first first first first first first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that that that that that that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys guys guys guys guys guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give give give give give give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the the the the the the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the the the the the the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three three three three three three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether whether whether whether whether whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is is is is is is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I I I I I I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going going going going going going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or or or or or or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this this this this this this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do do do do do do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born born born born born born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you you you you you you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a a a a a a wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a a a a a a way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, ups, ups, ups, ups, ups, but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the the the the the the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and and and and and and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me me me me me me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like like like like like like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a a a a a a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little little little little little little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story story story story story story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew grew grew grew grew grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a a a a a a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but but but but but but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not not not not not not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his his his his his his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to to to to to to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do do do do do do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above above above above above above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not not not not not not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be be be be be be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where where where where where where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the the the the the the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known for for for for for for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over over over over over over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins begins begins begins begins begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from from from from from from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he he he he he he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say say say say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the the the the the the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so so so so so so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I I I I I I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 1081 1081 1081 1081 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have have have have have have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have have have have have have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last last last last last last year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not really sure but I think I need to take a break break break break break break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that that that that that that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of of of of of of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have have have have have have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a a a a a a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once Once Once Once Once Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another another another another another another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later later later later later later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going going going going going going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Thanks. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and and and and and and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and and and and and and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people people people people people people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things things things things things things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us us us us us us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have have have have have have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to to to to to to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way way way way way way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having having having having having having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record record record record record record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet packet packet packet packet packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or or or or or or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be be be be be be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic topic topic topic topic topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's it's it's it's it's it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank thank thank thank thank thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode 48 48 48 48 48 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're We're We're We're We're We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's today's today's today's today's today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't have both both both both both both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This This This This This This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age age age age age age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along along along along along along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be be be be be be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I I I I I I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I I I I I I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way way way way way way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you you you you you you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point point point point point point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they they they they they they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years years years years years years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I I I I I I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this this this this this this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money money money money money money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought thought thought thought thought thought this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a a a a a a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be be be be be be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing managing managing managing managing managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also also also also also also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the the the the the the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do do do do do do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who who who who who who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients clients clients clients clients clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that that that that that that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going going going going going going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us us us us us us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that that that that that that there is this life we can live that that's just a little little little little little little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we we we we we we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about about about about about about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself myself myself myself myself myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that that that that that that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of of of of of of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series series series series series series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the the the the the the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily daily daily daily daily daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune tune tune tune tune tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their their their their their their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained complained complained complained complained complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only only only only only only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know know know know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will will will will will will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back back back back back back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today today today today today today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the the the the the the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit bit bit bit bit bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host host host host host host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as as as as as as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that that that that that that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like like like like like like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find find find find find find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why why why why why why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school school school school school school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how how how how how how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in in in in in in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you you you you you you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were were were were were were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were were were were were were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't can't can't can't can't can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school school school school school school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame frame frame frame frame frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed echoed echoed echoed echoed echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her her her her her her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was was was was was was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched watched watched watched watched watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this this this this this this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's world's world's world's world's world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I I I I I I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you you you you you you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very very very very very very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 3 3 3 3 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a a a a a a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going going going going going going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready ready ready ready ready ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a a a a a a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know know know know know know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone someone someone someone someone someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with with with with with with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting wanting wanting wanting wanting wanting to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was was was was was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First First First First First First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time time time time time time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching branching branching branching branching branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, bedre, bedre, bedre, bedre, bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because because because because because because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is is is is is is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve delve delve delve delve delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards cards cards cards cards cards podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First First First First First First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been been been been been been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot lot lot lot lot lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone gone gone gone gone gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I I I I I I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking talking talking talking talking talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280 $280 $280 $280 $280 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and and and and and and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host any any any any any any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi hi hi hi hi hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got got got got got got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with the the the the the the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity now now now now now now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's who's who's who's who's who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank thank thank thank thank thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a a a a a a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can can can can can can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just just just just just just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was was was was was was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which Which Which Which Which Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I I I I I I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my my my my my my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and and and and and and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which which which which which which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do do do do do do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights insights insights insights insights insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of of of of of of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week week week week week week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make make make make make make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start start start start start start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get get get get get get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through through through through through through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying laying laying laying laying laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You You You You You You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to to to to to to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you you you you you you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your your your your your your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find find find find find find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you you you you you you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV TV TV TV TV TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our our our our our our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode episode episode episode episode episode 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so so so so so so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades grades grades grades grades grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have have have have have have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a a a a a a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to to to to to to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in in in in in in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this this this this this this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so so so so so so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most most most most most most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick quick quick quick quick quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My My My My My My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved loved loved loved loved loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying trying trying trying trying trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you you you you you you know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that that that that that that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't don't don't don't don't don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always always always always always always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we we we we we we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to to to to to to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Their Their Their Their Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours ours ours ours ours ours are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if if if if if if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform platform platform platform platform platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well well well well well well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you you you you you I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been a a a a a a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this coming coming coming coming coming coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually actually actually actually actually actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your your your your your your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this this this this this this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus could make make make make make make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the actual actual actual actual actual actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the the the the the the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually usually usually usually usually usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we we we we we we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You You You You You You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They They They They They They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back back back back back back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know know know know know know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for for for for for for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up up up up up up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the the the the the the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only only only only only only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short short short short short short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written written written written written written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and and and and and and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each each each each each each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left left left left left left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be be be be be be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you you you you you you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode episode episode episode episode episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me me me me me me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode episode episode episode episode episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually actually actually actually actually actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because because because because because because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had had had had had had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up up up up up up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though though though though though though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in in in in in in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope hope hope hope hope hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming coming coming coming coming coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in in in in in in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is is is is is is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the the the the the the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this this this this this this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison Denison Denison Denison Denison Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for for for for for for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well well well well well well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not not not not not not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today today today today today today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today today today today today today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so so so so so so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on on on on on on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and and and and and and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this this this this this this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time time time time time time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact fact fact fact fact fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of of of of of of your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also also also also also also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is is is is is is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity is is is is is is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and and and and and and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, interview, interview, interview, interview, interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, serious, serious, serious, serious, serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean mean mean mean mean mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a a a a a a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future future future future future future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I I I I I I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that that that that that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit bit bit bit bit bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is is is is is is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end end end end end end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it says says says says says says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among among among among among among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my my my my my my name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when when when when when when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we we we we we we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit bit bit bit bit bit of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the the the the the the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at at at at at at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading in season season season season season season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got consists in in in in in in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going going going going going going to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry carry carry carry carry carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a a a a a a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our our our our our our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water water water water water water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help help help help help help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week week week week week week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the the the the the the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do do do do do do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk walk walk walk walk walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were were were were were were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink drink drink drink drink drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think think think think think think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's he's he's he's he's he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much much much much much much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session session session session session session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first first first first first first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we we we we we we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and and and and and and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little little little little little little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in in in in in in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of of of of of of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment investment investment investment investment investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the the the the the the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by by by by by by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you you you you you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So So So So So So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you you you you you you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that that that that that that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get get get get get get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name name name name name name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this this this this this this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 6 6 6 6 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment moment moment moment moment moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can can can can can can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first first first first first first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and and and and and and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So So So So So So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part part part part part part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little little little little little little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are are are are are are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're we're we're we're we're we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? dudes dudes dudes dudes dudes Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I I I I I I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a a a a a a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This This This This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our our our our our our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call call call call call call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound sound sound sound sound sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder founder founder founder founder founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big big big big big big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a a a a a a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to to to to to to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with with with with with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win win win win win win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you you you you you you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to to to to to to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good good good good good good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses losses losses losses losses losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host host host host host host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night night night night night night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering covering covering covering covering covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? boy boy boy boy boy Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and and and and and and confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week week week week week week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some some some some some some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when when when when when when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me me me me me me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the the the the the the positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so so so so so so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your host host host host host host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew the the the the the the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is is is is is is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who who who who who who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come come come come come come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he he he he he he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep keep keep keep keep keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to to to to to to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This This This This This This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to to to to to to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half half half half half half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but but but but but but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to to to to to to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms storms storms storms storms storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you you you you you you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There There There There There There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and and and and and and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If If If If If If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so so so so so so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they they they they they they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true true true true true true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music music music music music music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the the the the the the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show show show show show show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and and and and and and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today today today today today today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should should should should should should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called called called called called called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to to to to to to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's It's It's It's It's It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back back back back back back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what what what what what what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if if if if if if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person person person person person person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you you you you you you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come come come come come come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent spent spent spent spent spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or or or or or or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to to to to to to do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to to to to to to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first first first first first first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So So So So So So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a a a a a a trick question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good good good good good good. I don't have to fucking kill you because I was looking in the the the the the the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent spent spent spent spent spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took took took took took took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell fell fell fell fell fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you you you you you you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's That's That's That's That's That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you you you you you you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but but but but but but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses gcses gcses gcses gcses gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three three three three three three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways ways ways ways ways ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an an an an an an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, background, background, background, background, background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab grab grab grab grab grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank thank thank thank thank thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week week week week week week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's it's it's it's it's it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my my my my my my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that that that that that that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just just just just just just came out last week if called on the bright side and it is is is is is is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I I I I I I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie. So these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met met met met met met them in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and and and and and and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if if if if if if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go go go go go go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because because because because because because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know know know know know know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, is, is, is, is, is, but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in in in in in in season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder murder murder murder murder murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
