6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from from from from from from from from from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female female female female female female female female female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in in in in in in in in in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons cons cons cons cons cons cons cons cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good good good good good good good good good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His His His His His His His His His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf golf golf golf golf golf golf golf golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we we we we we we we we we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so we were formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and then you you you you you you you you you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and and and and and and and and and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf golf golf golf golf golf golf golf golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two two two two two two two two two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last last last last last last last last last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In In In In In In In In In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away from from from from from from from from from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be be be be be be be be be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt halt halt halt halt halt halt halt halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in in in in in in in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or or or or or or or or or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the the the the the the the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some some some some some some some some some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little bit. We We We We We We We We We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a a a a a a a a a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the the the the the the the the the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept swept swept swept swept swept swept swept swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we we we we we we we we we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a a a a a a a a a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as as as as as as as as as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the the the the the the the the the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work work work work work work work work work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for for for for for for for for for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like like like like like like like like like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many many many many many many many many many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your your your your your your your your your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and and and and and and and and and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on on on on on on on on on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So So So So So So So So So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but but but but but but but but but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who is is is is is is is is is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the national national national national national national national national national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth forth forth forth forth forth forth forth forth. I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about about about about about about about about about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to to to to to to to to to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we we we we we we we we we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one one one one one one one one one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good good good good good good good good good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was was was was was was was was was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the the the the the the the the the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down down down down down down down down down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is is is is is is is is is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part part part part part part part part part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be be be be be be be be be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United United United United United United United United United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to give give give give give give give give give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give give give give give give give give give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that that that that that that that that that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas. We have have have have have have have have have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like like like like like like like like like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn things over again again again again again again again again again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while while while while while while while while while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you build with someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I I I I I I I I I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together together together together together together together together together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the the the the the the the the the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you you you you you you you you you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile tile tile tile tile tile tile tile tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next Next Next Next Next Next Next Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be be be be be be be be be active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big big big big big big big big big question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a a a a a a a a a teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do do do do do do do do do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their their their their their their their their their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end end end end end end end end end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you you you you you you you you you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you you you you you you you you you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more more more more more more more more more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the the the the the the the the the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This This This This This This This This This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that that that that that that that that that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person on on on on on on on on on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that that that that that that that that that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need need need need need need need need need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do do do do do do do do do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with with with with with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for for for for for for for for for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since since since since since since since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And And And And And And And And And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him him him him him him him him him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note note note note note note note note note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see see see see see see see see see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want want want want want want want want want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want want want want want want want want want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record on the the the the the the the the the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at at at at at at at at at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all all all all all all all all all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a a a a a a a a a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for for for for for for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your your your your your your your your your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week week week week week week week week week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story story story story story story story story story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are are are are are are are are are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world world world world world world world world world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case case case case case case case case case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that that that that that that that that that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion story because It's part of it is like the visual is at least least least least least least least least least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I I I I I I I I I want to tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some some some some some some some some some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all around around around around around around around around around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my one one one one one one one one one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that was a a a a a a a a a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. It was was was was was was was was was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the the the the the the the the the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as as as as as as as as as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of of of of of of of of of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors Terrors Terrors Terrors Terrors Terrors Terrors Terrors Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities cities cities cities cities cities cities cities cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words words words words words words words words words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you you you you you you you you you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We We We We We We We We We hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our our our our our our our our our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to to to to to to to to to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going going going going going going going going going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case case case case case case case case case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past past past past past past past past past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track track track track track track track track track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it it it it it it it it it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so so so so so so so so so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can can can can can can can can can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app app app app app app app app app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We We We We We We We We We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just just just just just just just just just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my my my my my my my my my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City City City City City City City City City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win win win win win win win win win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more more more more more more more more more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show show show show show show show show show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But But But But But But But But But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just just just just just just just just just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and and and and and and and and and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and and and and and and and and and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can can can can can can can can can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show show show show show show show show show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you you you you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with with with with with with with with with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the the the the the the the the the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an an an an an an an an an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systemscom systemscom systemscom systemscom systemscom systemscom systemscom systemscom systemscom. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find find find find find find find find find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get get get get get get get get get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have have have have have have have have have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my my my my my my my my my journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become become become become become become become become become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I I I I I I I I I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if if if if if if if if if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the the the the the the the the the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all all all all all all all all all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has has has has has has has has has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with with with with with with with with with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and and and and and and and and and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through through through through through through through through through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and and and and and and and and and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all all all all all all all all all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make make make make make make make make make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it all the the the the the the the the the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get you you you you you you you you you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the the the the the the the the the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters percenters percenters percenters percenters percenters percenters percenters percenters were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in in in in in in in in in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send send send send send send send send send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that that that that that that that that that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know know know know know know know know know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also also also also also also also also also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also also also also also also also also also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may may may may may may may may may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that that that that that that that that that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the the the the the the the the the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well well well well well well well well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live live live live live live live live live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and and and and and and and and and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and and and and and and and and and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we we we we we we we we we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what what what what what what what what what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my my my my my my my my my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first first first first first first first first first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all all all all all all all all all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the the the the the the the the the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said said said said said said said said said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long long long long long long long long long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name name name name name name name name name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is is is is is is is is is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book book book book book book book book book. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's Kelsey steel steel steel steel steel steel steel steel steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season 2 of of of of of of of of of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 season is upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off season first first first first first first first first first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out out out out out out out out out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off and I I I I I I I I I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think think think think think think think think think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I I I I I I I I I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This This This This This This This This This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you you you you you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an an an an an an an an an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you you you you you you you you you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you you you you you you you you you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give give give give give give give give give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what what what what what what what what what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what what what what what what what what what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in in in in in in in in in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that that that that that that that that that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were were were were were were were were were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little little little little little little little little little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and and and and and and and and and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to to to to to to to to to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on on on on on on on on on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you you you you you you you you you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people people people people people people people people people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your your your your your your your your your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old old old old old old old old old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in in in in in in in in in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today today today today today today today today today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training training training training training training training training training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of of of of of of of of of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places places places places places places places places places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we we we we we we we we we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last last last last last last last last last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that that that that that that that that that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into into into into into into into into into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been been been been been been been been been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am am am am am am am am am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light light light light light light light light light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of of of of of of of of of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a a a a a a a a a soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a a a a a a a a a month since my last episode but I went off to have a baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on on on on on on on on on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It all a a a a a a a a a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards got got got got got got got got got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in in in in in in in in in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money money money money money money money money money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like like like like like like like like like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to to to to to to to to to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we we we we we we we we we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create create create create create create create create create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this this this this this this this this this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done done done done done done done done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you you you you you you you you you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and and and and and and and and and I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to to to to to to to to to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a a a a a a a a a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had had had had had had had had had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all all all all all all all all all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just just just just just just just just just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that that that that that that that that that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which which which which which which which which which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one one one one one one one one one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this this this this this this this this this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with with with with with with with with with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son son son son son son son son son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a a a a a a a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back back back back back back back back back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and and and and and and and and and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of of of of of of of of of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely solely solely solely solely solely solely solely solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to to to to to to to to to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is is is is is is is is is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the the the the the the the the the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my my my my my my my my my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first first first first first first first first first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six six six six six six six six six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I I I I I I I I I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree degree degree degree degree degree degree degree degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years years years years years years years years years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Toad Toad Toad Toad Toad Toad Toad Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this this this this this this this this this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today today today today today today today today today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you you you you you you you you you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if if if if if if if if if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how how how how how how how how how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many many many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to to to to to to to to to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but but but but but but but but but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's not not not not not not not not not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what what what what what what what what what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about me saying no many many many many many many many many many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the the the the the the the the the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know know know know know know know know know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do do do do do do do do do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this this this this this this this this this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those those those those those those those those those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going going going going going going going going going to get into but I know that it was a good movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it it it it it it it it it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of of of of of of of of of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even even even even even even even even even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all all all all all all all all all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to to to to to to to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to to to to to to to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you you you you you you you you you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful useful useful useful useful useful useful useful useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love love love love love love love love love nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know know know know know know know know know that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out out out out out out out out out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free free free free free free free free free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own own own own own own own own own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way way way way way way way way way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back back back back back back back back back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about about about about about about about about about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting grunting grunting grunting grunting grunting grunting grunting grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You You You You You You You You You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you you you you you you you you you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of of of of of of of of of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than than than than than than than than than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really really really really really really really really really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in in in in in in in in in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something something something something something something something something something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more more more more more more more more more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the the the the the the the the the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up up up up up up up up up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was was was was was was was was was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did did did did did did did did did I say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the the the the the the the the the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it it it it it it it it it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you you you you you you you you you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please please please please please please please please please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is is is is is is is is is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We We We We We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World World World World World World World World World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really really really really really really really really really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the the the the the the the the the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of of of of of of of of of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is is is is is is is is is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet along along along along along along along along along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and and and and and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and and and and and and and and and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on on on on on on on on on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way way way way way way way way way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the the the the the the the the the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right right right right right right right right right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the the the the the the the the the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play Play Play Play Play Play Play Play Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people people people people people people people people people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of of of of of of of of of my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so so so so so so so so so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with with with with with with with with with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this this this this this this this this this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross albatross albatross albatross albatross albatross albatross albatross albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of of of of of of of of of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and and and and and and and and and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then then then then then then then then then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South South South South South South South South South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And And And And And And And And And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a a a a a a a a a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years years years years years years years years years of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on on on on on on on on on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really really really really really really really really really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in in in in in in in in in the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really really really really really really really really really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to to to to to to to to to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I I I I I I I I I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was was was was was was was was was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That That That That That That That That That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just just just just just just just just just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on on on on on on on on on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a a a a a a a a a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that that that that that that that that that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we we we we we we we we we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is is is is is is is is is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always always always always always always always always always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I I I I I I I I I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world world world world world world world world world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored honored honored honored honored honored honored honored honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because because because because because because because because because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It It It It It It It It It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I I I I I I I I I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right right right right right right right right right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the the the the the the the the the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix fix fix fix fix fix fix fix fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other other other other other other other other other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a a a a a a a a a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could could could could could could could could could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and and and and and and and and and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going going going going going going going going going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film film film film film film film film film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to to to to to to to to to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in in in in in in in in in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big big big big big big big big big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the the the the the the the the the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the the the the the the the the the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what what what what what what what what what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to to to to to to to to to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? right right right right right right right right I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the the the the the the the the the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like like like like like like like like like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get get get get get get get get get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as as as as as as as as as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if if if if if if if if if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going going going going going going going going going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on on on on on on on on on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the the the the the the the the the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of of of of of of of of of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these these these these these these these these these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few few few few few few few few few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one one one one one one one one one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did did did did did did did did did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of of of of of of of of of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community community community community community community community community community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and and and and and and and and and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to to to to to to to to to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going going going going going going going going going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another English English English English English English English English English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I have a master's master's master's master's master's master's master's master's master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it it it it it it it it it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my my my my my my my my my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are are are are are are are are are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski Ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then then then then then then then then then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is is is is is is is is is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it it it it it it it it it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been been been been been been been been been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important information that that that that that that that that that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important important important important important important important important important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with with with with with with with with with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in in in in in in in in in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know know know know know know know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've now now now now now now now now now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good good good good good good good good good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to to to to to to to to to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of of of of of of of of of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in in in in in in in in in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your your your your your your your your your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of of of of of of of of of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental mental mental mental mental mental mental mental mental health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them them them them them them them them them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from from from from from from from from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality of of of of of of of of of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I I I I I I I I I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new new new new new new new new new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended amended amended amended amended amended amended amended amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no no no no no no no no no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is is is is is is is is is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the the the the the the the the the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year year year year year year year year year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them them them them them them them them them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but but but but but but but but but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not not not not not not not not not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and and and and and and and and and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be be be be be be be be be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the the the the the the the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble marble marble marble marble marble marble marble marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to to to to to to to to to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took took took took took took took took took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was was was was was was was was was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my my my my my my my my my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older older older older older older older older older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better better better better better better better better better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and and and and and and and and and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just just just just just just just just just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as as as as as as as as as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of of of of of of of of of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as as as as as as as as as usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have have have have have have have have have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in in in in in in in in in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right right right right right right right right right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the the the the the the the the the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his his his his his his his his his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and and and and and and and and and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work work work work work work work work work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a a a a a a a a a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers writers writers writers writers writers writers writers writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the the the the the the the the the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color color color color color color color color color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about about about about about about about about about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One One One One One One One One One Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news news news news news news news news news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say say say say say say say say say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that that that that that that that that that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better better better better better better better better better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be be be be be be be be be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you you you you you you you you you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And And And And And And And And And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the the the the the the the the the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week week week week week week week week week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up up up up up up up up up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March March March March March March March March March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been been been been been been been been been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car car car car car car car car car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his his his his his his his his his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face face face face face face face face face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the the the the the the the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking shaking shaking shaking shaking shaking shaking shaking shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what what what what what what what what what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when when when when when when when when when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just just just just just just just just just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so so so so so so so so so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have have have have have have have have have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already already already already already already already already already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had had had had had had had had had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that that that that that that that that that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and and and and and and and and and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as as as as as as as as as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for for for for for for for for for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to to to to to to to to to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children children children children children children children children children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed closed closed closed closed closed closed closed closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in in in in in in in in in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are are are are are are are are are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a a a a a a a a a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a a a a a a a a a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to to to to to to to to to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which which which which which which which which which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with with with with with with with with with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So So So So So So So So So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about about about about about about about about about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free free free free free free free free free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working working working working working working working working working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like like like like like like like like like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the the the the the the the the the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you you you you you you you you you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been been been been been been been been been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when when when when when when when when when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today today today today today today today today today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She She She She She She She She She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition and I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many many many many many many many many many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and and and and and and and and and frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do do do do do do do do do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want want want want want want want want want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I I I I I I I I I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and and and and and and and and and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of of of of of of of of of days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is is is is is is is is is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to to to to to to to to to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it it it it it it it it it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can can can can can can can can can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are are are are are are are are are girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the the the the the the the the the words. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki Reiki Reiki Reiki Reiki Reiki Reiki Reiki Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like like like like like like like like like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you you you you you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want want want want want want want want want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much much much much much much much much much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we we we we we we we we we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house house house house house house house house house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then then then then then then then then then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Calgary Calgary Calgary Calgary Calgary Calgary Calgary Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for for for for for for for for for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of of of of of of of of of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big big big big big big big big big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a a a a a a a a a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way way way way way way way way way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service service service service service service service service service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were were were were were were were were were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started started started started started started started started started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the the the the the the the the the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I I I I I I I I I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see see see see see see see see see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see see see see see see see see see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click click click click click click click click click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on on on on on on on on on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you you you you you you you you you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the the the the the the the the the studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today today today today today today today today today. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we we we we we we we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on on on on on on on on on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new new new new new new new new new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto Nitto Nitto Nitto Nitto Nitto Nitto Nitto Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your your your your your your your your your host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been been been been been been been been been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you you you you you you you you you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know know know know know know know know know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a a a a a a a a a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want want want want want want want want want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would would would would would would would would would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too too too too too too too too too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I I I I I I I I I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go go go go go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had had had had had had had had had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but but but but but but but but but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As As As As As As As As As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community community community community community community community community community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a a a a a a a a a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best best best best best best best best best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name name name name name name name name name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and and and and and and and and and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international international international international international international international international international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in in in in in in in in in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We We We We We We We We We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new new new new new new new new new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show show show show show show show show show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they they they they they they they they they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and and and and and and and and and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start start start start start start start start start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First First First First First First First First First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time time time time time time time time time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any number number number number number number number number number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out to to to to to to to to to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality quality quality quality quality quality quality quality quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their their their their their their their their their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves gloves gloves gloves gloves gloves gloves gloves gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the the the the the the the the the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a a a a a a a a a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look look look look look look look look look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC we've been been been been been been been been been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on on on on on on on on on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the the the the the the the the the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten tighten tighten tighten tighten tighten tighten tighten tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are are are are are are are are are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are are are are are are are are are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The The The The The The The The The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training training training training training training training training training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on on on on on on on on on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you you you you you you you you you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to to to to to to to to to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running running running running running running running running running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming swimming swimming swimming swimming swimming swimming swimming swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before before before before before before before before before some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but but but but but but but but but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in in in in in in in in in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that that that that that that that that that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to to to to to to to to to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to to to to to to to to to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had had had had had had had had had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was was was was was was was was was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host host host host host host host host host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the the the the the the the the the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like like like like like like like like like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you you you you you you you you you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you you you you you you you you you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was was was was was was was was was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the the the the the the the the the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and and and and and and and and and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black black black black black black black black black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame Madame Madame Madame Madame Madame Madame Madame Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in in in in in in in in in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and and and and and and and and and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today today today today today today today today today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a a a a a a a a a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do do do do do do do do do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many many many many many many many many many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did did did did did did did did did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it it it it it it it it it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I I I I I I I I I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you you you you you you you you you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us us us us us us us us us and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do do do do do do do do do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like like like like like like like like like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of of of of of of of of of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a a a a a a a a a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once once once once once once once once once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you you you you you you you you you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority minority minority minority minority minority minority minority minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am am am am am am am am am your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the the the the the the the the the podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about about about about about about about about about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about about about about about about about about about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any any any any any any any any any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how how how how how how how how how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is is is is is is is is is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are are are are are are are are are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out out out out out out out out out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep peep peep peep peep peep peep peep peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about about about about about about about about about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator animator animator animator animator animator animator animator animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and and and and and and and and and me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films films films films films films films films films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start start start start start start start start start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show show show show show show show show show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out out out out out out out out out there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last last last last last last last last last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What What What What What What What What What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that Besides Besides Besides Besides Besides Besides Besides Besides Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I I I I I I I I I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card card card card card card card card card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I I I I I I I I I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head head head head head head head head head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go go go go go go go go go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to to to to to to to to to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you you you you you you you you you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in in in in in in in in in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look look look look look look look look look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for for for for for for for for for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we we we we we we we we we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the the the the the the the the the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going going going going going going going going going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very very very very very very very very very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just just just just just just just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you can can can can can can can can can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so so so so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more more more more more more more more more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if if if if if if if if if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it it it it it it it it it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the the the the the the the the the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make make make make make make make make make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another another another another another another another another another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to to to to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your your your your your your your your your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by by by by by by by by by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free free free free free free free free free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started started started started started started started started started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that people people people people people people people people people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should should should should should should should should should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you you you you you you you you you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we we we we we we we we we had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that that that that that that that that that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number number number number number number number number number four, but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of of of of of of of of of order. When one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how how how how how how how how how will our fans? How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I I I I I I I I I think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of of of of of of of of of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you you you you you you you you you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life life life life life life life life life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do do do do do do do do do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like like like like like like like like like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when when when when when when when when when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we we we we we we we we we raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We We We We We We We We We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you you you you you you you you you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a a a a a a a a a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in in in in in in in in in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too too too too too too too too too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many many many many many many many many many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will will will will will will will will will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms terms terms terms terms terms terms terms terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those those those those those those those those those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to to to to to to to to to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close close close close close close close close close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know know know know know know know know know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other other other other other other other other other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want want want want want want want want want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its its its its its its its its its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around around around around around around around around around this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about about about about about about about about about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the the the the the the the the the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was was was was was was was was was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off off off off off off off off off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point point point point point point point point point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a a a a a a a a a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new new new new new new new new new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it it it it it it it it it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a a a a a a a a a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a a a a a a a a a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write write write write write write write write write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with with with with with with with with with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the tent that that that that that that that that that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house not made made made made made made made made made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan longing to to to to to to to to to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not not not not not not not not not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I I I I I I I I I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to to to to to to to to to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the the the the the the the the the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we we we we we we we we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to to to to to to to to to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so much much much much much much much much much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of the the the the the the the the the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source source source source source source source source source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students students students students students students students students students came to school on the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How How How How How How How How How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now now now now now now now now now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after after after after after after after after after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the the the the the the the the the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of of of of of of of of of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not not not not not not not not not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of of of of of of of of of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with a a a a a a a a a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all all all all all all all all all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with you you you you you you you you you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all all all all all all all all all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion portion portion portion portion portion portion portion portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my my my my my my my my my life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more more more more more more more more more black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is is is is is is is is is the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the the the the the the the the the Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a a a a a a a a a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in in in in in in in in in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you you you you you you you you you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this this this this this this this this this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the the the the the the the the the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or or or or or or or or or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to to to to to to to to to record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I I I I I I I I I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will will will will will will will will will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have have have have have have have have have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate elaborate elaborate elaborate elaborate elaborate elaborate elaborate elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it it it it it it it it it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more more more more more more more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because because because because because because because because because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in in in in in in in in in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all the the the the the the the the the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a a a a a a a a a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take take take take take take take take take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that that that that that that that that that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John John John John John John John John John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States States States States States States States States States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any any any any any any any any any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our our our our our our our our our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the the the the the the the the the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your your your your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there there there there there there there there there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for for for for for for for for for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would would would would would would would would would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given given given given given given given given given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this this this this this this this this this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to to to to to to to to to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been been been been been been been been been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the the the the the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the the the the the the the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us us us us us us us us us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be be be be be be be be be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and and and and and and and and and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to to to to to to to to to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things things things things things things things things things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England England England England England England England England England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life life life life life life life life life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to to to to to to to to to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a a a a a a a a a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of of of of of of of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is is is is is is is is is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he he he he he he he he he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So So So So So So So So So I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of of of of of of of of of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who who who who who who who who who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you you you you you you you you you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little little little little little little little little little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber cyber cyber cyber cyber cyber cyber cyber cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in in in in in in in in in having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will will will will will will will will will intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee toffee toffee toffee toffee toffee toffee toffee toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week week week week week week week week week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go go go go go go go go go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old old old old old old old old old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just just just just just just just just just go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that that that that that that that that that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your your your your your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life life life life life life life life life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really really really really really really really really really effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really really really really really really really really really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to to to to to to to to to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he he he he he he he he he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the the the the the the the the the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the the the the the the the the the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it it it it it it it it it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is is is is is is is is is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be be be be be be be be be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss boss boss boss boss boss boss boss boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then then then then then then then then then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or or or or or or or or or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I I I I I I I I I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And And And And And And And And And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and and and and and and and and and have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how how how how how how how how how this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that that that that that that that that that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a a a a a a a a a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use use use use use use use use use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make make make make make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are are are are are are are are are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the the the the the the the the the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the the the the the the the the the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I I I I I I I I I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to to to to to to to to to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his his his his his his his his his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a a a a a a a a a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my my my my my my my my my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my my my my my my my my my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like like like like like like like like like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture picture picture picture picture picture picture picture picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like like like like like like like like like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where where where where where where where where where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a a a a a a a a a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So So So So So So So So So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She She She She She She She She She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I I I I I I I I I promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came came came came came came came came came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order order order order order order order order order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by by by by by by by by by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you you you you you you you you you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me me me me me me me me me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to to to to to to to to to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year year year year year year year year year old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't get any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on on on on on on on on on the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our our our our our our our our our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into into into into into into into into into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including including including including including including including including including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and and and and and and and and and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the the the the the the the the the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or or or or or or or or or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known known known known known known known known known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number number number number number number number number number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the the the the the the the the the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is is is is is is is is is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and and and and and and and and and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this this this this this this this this this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of of of of of of of of of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family family family family family family family family family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has has has has has has has has has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may may may may may may may may may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that that that that that that that that that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects and it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a a a a a a a a a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be be be be be be be be be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you you you you you you you you you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body body body body body body body body body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and and and and and and and and and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host host host host host host host host host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you you you you you you you you you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we we we we we we we we we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but but but but but but but but but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say say say say say say say say say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each each each each each each each each each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter planter planter planter planter planter planter planter planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her her her her her her her her her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a a a a a a a a a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who who who who who who who who who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However However However However However However However However However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in in in in in in in in in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the the the the the the the the the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those those those those those those those those those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast in in in in in in in in in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now now now now now now now now now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new new new new new new new new new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you you you you you you you you you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first first first first first first first first first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products products products products products products products products products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to to to to to to to to to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share share share share share share share share share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make make make make make make make make make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should should should should should should should should should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for for for for for for for for for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven proven proven proven proven proven proven proven proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor your results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make make make make make make make make make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to to to to to to to to to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had had had had had had had had had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to to to to to to to to to the word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an an an an an an an an an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you you you you you you you you you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out out out out out out out out out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it it it it it it it it it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like like like like like like like like like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given given given given given given given given given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this this this this this this this this this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and and and and and and and and and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to to to to to to to to to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start start start start start start start start start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to to to to to to to to to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so so so so so so so so so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take take take take take take take take take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of of of of of of of of of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always always always always always always always always always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I I I I I I I I I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be be be be be be be be be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I I I I I I I I I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on on on on on on on on on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have have have have have have have have have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day day day day day day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very very very very very very very very very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that that that that that that that that that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time time time time time time time time time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you you you you you you you you you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / / / / / / / / / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I I I I I I I I I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional unconditional unconditional unconditional unconditional unconditional unconditional unconditional unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other other other other other other other other other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that that that that that that that that that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great great great great great great great great great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for for for for for for for for for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I I I I I I I I I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we we we we we we we we we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I I I I I I I I I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks docks docks docks docks docks docks docks docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all all all all all all all all all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or or or or or or or or or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from from from from from from from from from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if if if if if if if if if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that that that that that that that that that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for for for for for for for for for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to to to to to to to to to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back back back back back back back back back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God God God God God God God God God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the the the the the the the the the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games games games games games games games games games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of of of of of of of of of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make make make make make make make make make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part part part part part part part part part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this this this this this this this this this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some some some some some some some some some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back back back back back back back back back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all all all all all all all all all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she she she she she she she she she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable valuable valuable valuable valuable valuable valuable valuable valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as as as as as as as as as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and and and and and and and and and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about about about about about about about about about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee knee knee knee knee knee knee knee knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your your your your your your your your your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by by by by by by by by by the name of re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was was was was was was was was was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love love love love love love love love love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of of of of of of of of of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due due due due due due due due due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at at at at at at at at at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that that that that that that that that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so so so so so so so so so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second second second second second second second second second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the the the the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and and and and and and and and and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group group group group group group group group group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says says says says says says says says says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for for for for for for for for for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My My My My My My My My My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr draugr draugr draugr draugr draugr draugr draugr draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in in in in in in in in in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of of of of of of of of of stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I I I I I I I I I want to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is is is is is is is is is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so so so so so so so so so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before before before before before before before before before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the the the the the the the the the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with with with with with with with with with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course course course course course course course course course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which which which which which which which which which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of of of of of of of of of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always always always always always always always always always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a a a a a a a a a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your your your your your your your your your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the the the the the the the the the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be be be be be be be be be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to to to to to to to to to put any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a a a a a a a a a lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and and and and and and and and and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a a a a a a a a a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of of of of of of of of of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all all all all all all all all all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had had had had had had had had had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that that that that that that that that that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to to to to to to to to to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service service service service service service service service service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and and and and and and and and and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and and and and and and and and and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only only only only only only only only only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using using using using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear from from from from from from from from from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before before before before before before before before before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to to to to to to to to to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field field field field field field field field field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation with with with with with with with with with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what what what what what what what what what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are are are are are are are are are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here here here here here here here here here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you you you you you you you you you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again again again again again again again again again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is is is is is is is is is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they they they they they they they they they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with with with with with with with with with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a a a a a a a a a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it it it it it it it it it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them them them them them them them them them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I I I I I I I I I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can can can can can can can can can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I I I I I I I I I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of of of of of of of of of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to to to to to to to to to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it it it it it it it it it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the the the the the the the the the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without without without without without without without without without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where where where where where where where where where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude laude laude laude laude laude laude laude laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four four four four four four four four four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We We We We We We We We We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state state state state state state state state state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back back back back back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few few few few few few few few few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of of of of of of of of of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And And And And And And And And And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected affected affected affected affected affected affected affected affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the the the the the the the the the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just just just just just just just just just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring stirring stirring stirring stirring stirring stirring stirring stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one one one one one one one one one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And And And And And And And And And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit cockpit cockpit cockpit cockpit cockpit cockpit cockpit cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and and and and and and and and and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was was was was was was was was was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were were were were were were were were were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a a a a a a a a a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that that that that that that that that that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free free free free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and and and and and and and and and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make make make make make make make make make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do do do do do do do do do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store Store Store Store Store Store Store Store Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going going going going going going going going going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did did did did did did did did did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other other other other other other other other other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the the the the the the the the the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like like like like like like like like like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each each each each each each each each each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the the the the the the the the the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your your your your your your your your your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and and and and and and and and and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very very very very very very very very very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what what what what what what what what what are we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short short short short short short short short short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about about about about about about about about about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now now now now now now now now now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're going going going going going going going going going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who let the the the the the the the the the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but but but but but but but but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me me me me me me me me me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support support support support support support support support support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? right right right right right right right right Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and and and and and and and and and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State State State State State State State State State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply apply apply apply apply apply apply apply apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her her her her her her her her her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of of of of of of of of of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really really really really really really really really really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going going going going going going going going going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design design design design design design design design design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working working working working working working working working working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the the the the the the the the the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going going going going going going going going going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you've never experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is is is is is is is is is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and and and and and and and and and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off off off off off off off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the the the the the the the the the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more more more more more more more more more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at at at at at at at at at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five five five five five five five five five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year year year year year year year year year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over over over over over over over over over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as as as as as as as as as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was was was was was was was was was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he he he he he he he he he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04%. That economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at at at at at at at at at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the the the the the the the the the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of of of of of of of of of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There There There There There There There There There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do do do do do do do do do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their their their their their their their their their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because because because because because because because because because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we we we we we we we we we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for for for for for for for for for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is is is is is is is is is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your your your your your your your your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and and and and and and and and and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called called called called called called called called called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I I I I I I I I I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like like like like like like like like like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the the the the the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that that that that that that that that that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something that that that that that that that that that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training training training training training training training training training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really really really really really really really really really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for for for for for for for for for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be be be be be be be be be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that that that that that that that that that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to to to to to to to to to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you you you you you you you you you want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually spiritually spiritually spiritually spiritually spiritually spiritually spiritually spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body body body body body body body body body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of of of of of of of of of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many many many many many many many many many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books books books books books books books books books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend for for for for for for for for for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the ones that have have have have have have have have have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list list list list list list list list list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on on on on on on on on on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here here here here here here here here here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real real real real real real real real real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to to to to to to to to to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the the the the the the the the the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them them them them them them them them them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for for for for for for for for for us to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were were were were were were were were were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from from from from from from from from from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has has has has has has has has has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in in in in in in in in in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of of of of of of of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have have have have have have have have have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these these these these these these these these these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low Low Low Low Low Low Low Low Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our our our our our our our our our audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at at at at at at at at at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on on on on on on on on on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me me me me me me me me me. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and and and and and and and and and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be be be be be be be be be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and and and and and and and and and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All All All All All All All All All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to to to to to to to to to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show show show show show show show show show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know know know know know know know know know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here here here here here here here here here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing representing representing representing representing representing representing representing representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may may may may may may may may may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the the the the the the the the the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back back back back back back back back back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early early early early early early early early early for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they they they they they they they they they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let let let let let let let let let me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises noises noises noises noises noises noises noises noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along along along along along along along along along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the the the the the the the the the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not not not not not not not not not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that that that that that that that that that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set set set set set set set set set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with with with with with with with with with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to to to to to to to to to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of of of of of of of of of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very very very very very very very very very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on on on on on on on on on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to to to to to to to to to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from from from from from from from from from the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and and and and and and and and and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big big big big big big big big big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for for for for for for for for for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you you you you you you you you you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if if if if if if if if if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to to to to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so so so so so so so so so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first first first first first first first first first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but but but but but but but but but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It It It It It It It It It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world world world world world world world world world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was was was was was was was was was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around around around around around around around around around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There There There There There There There There There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to to to to to to to to to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away away away away away away away away away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my my my my my my my my my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the the the the the the the the the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this this this this this this this this this is called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you you you you you you you you you to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on on on on on on on on on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take take take take take take take take take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and and and and and and and and and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no no no no no no no no no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but but but but but but but but but we the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just just just just just just just just just such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need need need need need need need need need us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and and and and and and and and and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and and and and and and and and and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that that that that that that that that that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each each each each each each each each each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each each each each each each each each each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be be be be be be be be be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and and and and and and and and and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would would would would would would would would would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die die die die die die die die die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use use use use use use use use use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and and and and and and and and and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something something something something something something something something something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into into into into into into into into into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it it it it it it it it it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I I I I I I I I I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need need need need need need need need need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts discounts discounts discounts discounts discounts discounts discounts discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies candies candies candies candies candies candies candies candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at at at at at at at at at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So So So So So So So So So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know know know know know know know know know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with with with with with with with with with fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this this this this this this this this this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you you you you you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So So So So So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with with with with with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on on on on on on on on on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you you you you you you you you you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What What What What What What What What What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with with with with with with with with with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all all all all all all all all all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us us us us us us us us us know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even even even even even even even even even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as as as as as as as as as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white white white white white white white white white. We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in in in in in in in in in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a a a a a a a a a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a a a a a a a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a a a a a a a a a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or or or or or or or or or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I I I I I I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a a a a a a a a a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case case case case case case case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the the the the the the the the the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator curator curator curator curator curator curator curator curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in in in in in in in in in God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a a a a a a a a a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below below below below below below below below below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara Guevara Guevara Guevara Guevara Guevara Guevara Guevara Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have have have have have have have have have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you you you you you you you you you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of us us us us us us us us us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had the the the the the the the the the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice and jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today today today today today today today today today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a a a a a a a a a World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I I I I I I I I I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but but but but but but but but but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were were were were were were were were were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in in in in in in in in in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events events events events events events events events events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the the the the the the the the the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that that that that that that that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to to to to to to to to to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a a a a a a a a a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a a a a a a a a a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of of of of of of of of of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like like like like like like like like like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much much much much much much much much much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but but but but but but but but but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what what what what what what what what what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or or or or or or or or or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at at at at at at at at at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we we we we we we we we we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a a a a a a a a a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the the the the the the the the the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest digest digest digest digest digest digest digest digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to to to to to to to to to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know know know know know know know know know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak freak freak freak freak freak freak freak freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like like like like like like like like like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view view view view view view view view view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better better better better better better better better better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former former former former former former former former former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and and and and and and and and and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past past past past past past past past past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the the the the the the the the the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for for for for for for for for for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid quid quid quid quid quid quid quid quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had had had had had had had had had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and and and and and and and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at at at at at at at at at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what what what what what what what what what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source source source source source source source source source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some some some some some some some some some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my my my my my my my my my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just just just just just just just just just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and and and and and and and and and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with with with with with with with with with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women women women women women women women women women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their their their their their their their their their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the the the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most most most most most most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips from from from from from from from from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method method method method method method method method method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these these these these these these these these these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the the the the the the the the the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we we we we we we we we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you you you you you you you you you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what what what what what what what what what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his his his his his his his his his location just a block away for over four years going it to the University University University University University University University University University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to to to to to to to to to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before before before before before before before before before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one one one one one one one one one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this this this this this this this this this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no no no no no no no no no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James James James James James James James James James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and and and and and and and and and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low low low low low low low low low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here here here here here here here here here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of of of of of of of of of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me me me me me me me me me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall hall hall hall hall hall hall hall hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH CH CH CH CH CH CH CH CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a a a a a a a a a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a a a a a a a a a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about about about about about about about about about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record record record record record record record record record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will will will will will will will will will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the the the the the the the the the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas mangas mangas mangas mangas mangas mangas mangas mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors authors authors authors authors authors authors authors authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do do do do do do do do do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the the the the the the the the the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who who who who who who who who who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about about about about about about about about about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I I I I I I I I I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who who who who who who who who who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I I I I I I I I I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I I I I I I I I I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on on on on on on on on on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is the the the the the the the the the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from from from from from from from from from Sonny England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the the the the the the the the the Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and and and and and and and and and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you you you you you you you you you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so so so so so so so so so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my my my my my my my my my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of of of of of of of of of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no no no no no no no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this this this this this this this this this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some some some some some some some some some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my my my my my my my my my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our our our our our our our our our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about about about about about about about about about her journey that led up to her and I working together where she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also also also also also also also also also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a a a a a a a a a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and and and and and and and and and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my my my my my my my my my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that that that that that that that that that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and and and and and and and and and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news news news news news news news news news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we we we we we we we we we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I I I I I I I I I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So So So So So So So So So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he he he he he he he he he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I I I I I I I I I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you you you you you you you you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages carriages carriages carriages carriages carriages carriages carriages carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check check check check check check check check check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we we we we we we we we we are as a church and I just want to I just want to to to to to to to to to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I I I I I I I I I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring it on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we we we we we we we we we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night night night night night night night night night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a a a a a a a a a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down down down down down down down down down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from from from from from from from from from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless endless endless endless endless endless endless endless endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today today today today today today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and and and and and and and and and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as as as as as as as as as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band band band band band band band band band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of of of of of of of of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been been been been been been been been been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past past past past past past past past past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only only only only only only only only only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I I I I I I I I I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you you you you you you you you you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or or or or or or or or or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I I I I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only only only only only only only only only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the the the the the the the the the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will will will will will will will will will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major major major major major major major major major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do do do do do do do do do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use use use use use use use use use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you you you you you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something something something something something something something something something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my my my my my my my my my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one one one one one one one one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that that that that that that that that that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a little little little little little little little little little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me me me me me me me me me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life life life life life life life life life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today today today today today today today today today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters skaters skaters skaters skaters skaters skaters skaters skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to to to to to to to to to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there there there there there there there there there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they they they they they they they they they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says says says says says says says says says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and and and and and and and and and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This This This This This This This This This is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a a a a a a a a a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with with with with with with with with with Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going going going going going going going going going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have have have have have have have have have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We We We We We We We We We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to to to to to to to to to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of of of of of of of of of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of of of of of of of of of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make make make make make make make make make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background background background background background background background background background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for for for for for for for for for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for for for for for for for for for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on on on on on on on on on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it it it it it it it it it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career career career career career career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The The The The The The The The The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your your your your your your your your your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director director director director director director director director director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list list list list list list list list list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every every every every every every every every every week. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I I I I I I I I I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You You You You You You You You You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such such such such such such such such such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the the the the the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is is is is is is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or or or or or or or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that that that that that that that that that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account account account account account account account account account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and and and and and and and and and it will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read read read read read read read read read from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have have have have have have have have have I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love love love love love love love love love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and and and and and and and and and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as as as as as as as as as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to to to to to to to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and and and and and and and and and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to to to to to to to to to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in in in in in in in in in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at at at at at at at at at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a a a a a a a a a half Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly. I'm with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to to to to to to to to to you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that that that that that that that that that originally aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is is is is is is is is is not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out out out out out out out out out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a a a a a a a a a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of of of of of of of of of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him him him him him him him him him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to to to to to to to to to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the the the the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments environments environments environments environments environments environments environments environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain villain villain villain villain villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season season season season season season season season season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at at at at at at at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or or or or or or or or or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is is is is is is is is is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for for for for for for for for for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? you you you you you you you you It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good good good good good good good good good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college college college college college college college college college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came came came came came came came came came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I I I I I I I I I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me me me me me me me me me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that that that that that that that that that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may may may may may may may may may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made made made made made made made made made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You You You You You You You You You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an an an an an an an an an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have have have have have have have have have learned how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But But But But But But But But But I say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes causes causes causes causes causes causes causes causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m m m m m m m m m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need need need need need need need need need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including including including including including including including including including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with with with with with with with with with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two two two two two two two two two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a a a a a a a a a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from from from from from from from from from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication medication medication medication medication medication medication medication medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like like like like like like like like like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you finish finish finish finish finish finish finish finish finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including including including including including including including including including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to to to to to to to to to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know know know know know know know know know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How How How How How How How How How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this this this this this this this this this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So So So So So So So So So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the morning? morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our our our our our our our our our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the the the the the the the the the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you you you you you you you you you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love love love love love love love love love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do do do do do do do do do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got got got got got got got got got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and and and and and and and and and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into into into into into into into into into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making making making making making making making making making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app app app app app app app app app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make make make make make make make make make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can can can can can can can can can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many of you you you you you you you you you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and the best best best best best best best best best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True True True True True True True True True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know know know know know know know know know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and and and and and and and and and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and and and and and and and and and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August August August August August August August August August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in in in in in in in in in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to to to to to to to to to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a a a a a a a a a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out out out out out out out out out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out out out out out out out out out your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn worn worn worn worn worn worn worn worn in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored restored restored restored restored restored restored restored restored to life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of of of of of of of of of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today today today today today today today today today. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is is is is is is is is is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But But But But But But But But But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me me me me me me me me me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev karev karev karev karev karev karev karev karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in in in in in in in in in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the the the the the the the the the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella raffaella raffaella raffaella raffaella raffaella raffaella raffaella raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they they they they they they they they they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this this this this this this this this this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to to to to to to to to to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things things things things things things things things things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over over over over over over over over over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to to to to to to to to to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your your your your your your your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about about about about about about about about about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by by by by by by by by by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and and and and and and and and and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support support support support support support support support support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer customer customer customer customer customer customer customer customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails nails nails nails nails nails nails nails nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how the the the the the the the the the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to to to to to to to to to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for for for for for for for for for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator gator gator gator gator gator gator gator gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your your your your your your your your your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on on on on on on on on on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let let let let let let let let let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out out out out out out out out out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every every every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my my my my my my my my my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good good good good good good good good good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except except except except except except except except except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like like like like like like like like like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to to to to to to to to to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to to to to to to to to to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going going going going going going going going going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by by by by by by by by by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side side side side side side side side side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is is is is is is is is is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will will will will will will will will will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has has has has has has has has has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in in in in in in in in in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or or or or or or or or or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And And And And And And And And And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and and and and and and and and and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us us us us us us us us us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I I I I I I I I I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came came came came came came came came came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My My My My My My My My My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally personally personally personally personally personally personally personally personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in in in in in in in in in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and and and and and and and and and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and and and and and and and and and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long long long long long long long long long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and and and and and and and and and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West West West West West West West West West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear and and and and and and and and and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a a a a a a a a a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to to to to to to to to to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on on on on on on on on on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better way way way way way way way way way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm really glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I just went went went went went went went went went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of this stuff. I I I I I I I I I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind of just there there there there there there there there there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I I I I I I I I I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even even even even even even even even even use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian Faustian Faustian Faustian Faustian Faustian Faustian Faustian Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special special special special special special special special special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title title title title title title title title title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter interpreter interpreter interpreter interpreter interpreter interpreter interpreter interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was was was was was was was was was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to to to to to to to to to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player player player player player player player player player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community community community community community community community community community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become become become become become become become become become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the the the the the the the the the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of of of of of of of of of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules schedules schedules schedules schedules schedules schedules schedules schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without without without without without without without without without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already already already already already already already already already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years years years years years years years years years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may may may may may may may may may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are are are are are are are are are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common common common common common common common common common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than than than than than than than than than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at at at at at at at at at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that that that that that that that that that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island island island island island island island island island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. For those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day day day day day day day day day before and there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you know about it. I don't know how much time you've had to to to to to to to to to think about this but this is a new story that really does impact your life life life life life life life life life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any idea when when when when when when when when when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about about about about about about about about about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into into into into into into into into into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is is is is is is is is is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most most most most most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about about about about about about about about about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At At At At At At At At At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he he he he he he he he he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really really really really really really really really really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital vital vital vital vital vital vital vital vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why why why why why why why why why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a a a a a a a a a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from from from from from from from from from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the the the the the the the the the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here here here here here here here here here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you you you you you you you you you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find find find find find find find find find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They They They They They They They They They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can can can can can can can can can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family family family family family family family family family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it it it it it it it it it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am am am am am am am am am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period period period period period period period period period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to to to to to to to to to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day day day day day day day day day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by by by by by by by by by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not not not not not not not not not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and and and and and and and and and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not not not not not not not not not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page page page page page page page page page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we we we we we we we we we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of of of of of of of of of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now now now now now now now now now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So So So So So So So So So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where where where where where where where where where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So So So So So So So So So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And And And And And And And And And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early early early early early early early early early in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like like like like like like like like like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got got got got got got got got got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we we we we we we we we we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical comical comical comical comical comical comical comical comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like like like like like like like like like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow blow blow blow blow blow blow blow blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better better better better better better better better better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is is is is is is is is is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one one one one one one one one one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going going going going going going going going going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try try try try try try try try try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the the the the the the the the the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S S S S S S S S S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to to to to to to to to to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just just just just just just just just just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the the the the the the the the the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires tires tires tires tires tires tires tires tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was was was was was was was was was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and and and and and and and and and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and and and and and and and and and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to to to to to to to to to be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use use use use use use use use use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more more more more more more more more more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one one one one one one one one one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this this this this this this this this this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the the the the the the the the the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just just just just just just just just just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one one one one one one one one one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have have have have have have have have have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has has has has has has has has has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all all all all all all all all all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could could could could could could could could could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of of of of of of of of of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I I I I I I I I I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war war war war war war war war war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is is is is is is is is is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look look look look look look look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to to to to to to to to to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money money money money money money money money money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You You You You You You You You You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your your your your your your your your your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like like like like like like like like like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that that that that that that that that that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way way way way way way way way way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make make make make make make make make make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down down down down down down down down down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the the the the the the the the the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my my my my my my my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a a a a a a a a a mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us us us us us us us us us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to to to to to to to to to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes to us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group group group group group group group group group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events events events events events events events events events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free free free free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it it it it it it it it it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 over over over over over over over over over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the the the the the the the the the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even even even even even even even even even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you you you you you you you you you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some some some some some some some some some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? right right right right right right right right There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here here here here here here here here here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All All All All All All All All All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so so so so so so so so so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what what what what what what what what what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we we we we we we we we we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is is is is is is is is is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in in in in in in in in in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want want want want want want want want want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before before before before before before before before before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog frog frog frog frog frog frog frog frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called called called called called called called called called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you you you you you you you you you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the the the the the the the the the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster gangster gangster gangster gangster gangster gangster gangster gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door door door door door door door door door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping whipping whipping whipping whipping whipping whipping whipping whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it it it it it it it it it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those those those those those those those those those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it it it it it it it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love love love love love love love love love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join join join join join join join join join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective effective effective effective effective effective effective effective effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live live live live live live live live live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through through through through through through through through through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words words words words words words words words words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I I I I I I I I I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think think think think think think think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big big big big big big big big big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the the the the the the the the the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? that that that that that that that that Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how how how how how how how how how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So So So So So So So So So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going to to to to to to to to to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see see see see see see see see see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to to to to to to to to to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it was really really really really really really really really really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to to to to to to to to to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do do do do do do do do do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are are are are are are are are are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And And And And And And And And And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks with taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out out out out out out out out out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want want want want want want want want want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at at at at at at at at at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be be be be be be be be be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E E E E E E E E E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play play play play play play play play play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that that that that that that that that that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might might might might might might might might might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about about about about about about about about about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take take take take take take take take take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time time time time time time time time time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So So So So So So So So So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good good good good good good good good good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like like like like like like like like like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content content content content content content content content content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of of of of of of of of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us us us us us us us us us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True True True True True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will will will will will will will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with with with with with with with with with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks in in in in in in in in in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right now. There There There There There There There There There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread spread spread spread spread spread spread spread spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out out out out out out out out out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on on on on on on on on on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and and and and and and and and and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to to to to to to to to to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career career career career career career career career career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this this this this this this this this this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX RX RX RX RX RX RX RX RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you you you you you you you you you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on on on on on on on on on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that that that that that that that that that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have have have have have have have have have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now now now now now now now now now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just just just just just just just just just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and and and and and and and and and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of of of of of of of of of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others others others others others others others others others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a a a a a a a a a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number number number number number number number number number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man man man man man man man man man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a a a a a a a a a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He He He He He He He He He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more more more more more more more more more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the the the the the the the the the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right right right right right right right right right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your your your your your your your your your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find find find find find find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in in in in in in in in in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our our our our our our our our our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to to to to to to to to to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced forced forced forced forced forced forced forced forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be be be be be be be be be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was was was was was was was was was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so so so so so so so so so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to to to to to to to to to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that that that that that that that that that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, Basically, Basically, Basically, Basically, Basically, Basically, Basically, Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community community community community community community community community community will also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our our our our our our our our our respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also also also also also also also also also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to to to to to to to to to this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety ninety ninety ninety ninety ninety ninety ninety ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not not not not not not not not not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is is is is is is is is is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his his his his his his his his his den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane lane lane lane lane lane lane lane lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a a a a a a a a a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do do do do do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much much much much much much much much much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name name name name name name name name name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, which what what what what what what what what what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it we we we we we we we we we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say say say say say say say say say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have a guest one one one one one one one one one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest was going going going going going going going going going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show for for for for for for for for for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today today today today today today today today today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? chord chord chord chord chord chord chord chord That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update update update update update update update update update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at at at at at at at at at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was was was was was was was was was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef beef beef beef beef beef beef beef beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at at at at at at at at at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the the the the the the the the the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes likes likes likes likes likes likes likes likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from from from from from from from from from history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way way way way way way way way way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who who who who who who who who who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the the the the the the the the the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only only only only only only only only only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is is is is is is is is is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you you you you you you you you you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is is is is is is is is is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I I I I I I I I I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is is is is is is is is is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This This This This This This This This This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The The The The The The The The The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last last last last last last last last last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to to to to to to to to to this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is is is is is is is is is an interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that that that that that that that that that I create and curate online for us to talk about which is why both our our our our our our our our our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about about about about about about about about about it. Most of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If If If If If If If If If you're interested in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and and and and and and and and and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about about about about about about about about about our club what we do and how you can become a member for for for for for for for for for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as as as as as as as as as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money money money money money money money money money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from from from from from from from from from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the the the the the the the the the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own own own own own own own own own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know know know know know know know know know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it it it it it it it it it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one one one one one one one one one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use use use use use use use use use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping popping popping popping popping popping popping popping popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a a a a a a a a a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say say say say say say say say say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go go go go go go go go go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I I I I I I I I I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I I I I I I I I I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to take you you you you you you you you you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for resources resources resources resources resources resources resources resources resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build it. So So So So So So So So So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later later later later later later later later later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for for for for for for for for for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object data is is is is is is is is is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This This This This This This This This This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our our our our our show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in in in in in in in in in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I I I I I I I I I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in in in in in in in in in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to to to to to to to to to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a a a a a a a a a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the the the the the the the the the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my my my my my my my my my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I I I I I I I I I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us us us us us us us us us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done done done done done done done done done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You You You You You You You You You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like like like like like like like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was was was was was was was was was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your your your your your your your your your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available available available available available available available available available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you you you you you you you you you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have have have have have have have have have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power power power power power power power power power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type type type type type type type type type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and and and and and and and and and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and and and and and and and and and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my my my my my my my my my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of of of of of of of of of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My My My My My My My My My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to to to to to to to to to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is is is is is is is is is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to to to to to to to to to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be be be be be be be be be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the the the the the the the the the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis yanis yanis yanis yanis yanis yanis yanis yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time time time time time time time time time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in in in in in in in in in one place for free and you can use it right from your phone or or or or or or or or or computer at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put put put put put put put put put down on your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a a a a a a a a a podcast that you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many many many many many many many many many more. You can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be be be be be be be be be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime wartime wartime wartime wartime wartime wartime wartime wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and and and and and and and and and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her her her her her her her her her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that that that that that that that that that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your your your your your your your your your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the the the the the the the the the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking tricking tricking tricking tricking tricking tricking tricking tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of of of of of of of of of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was was was was was was was was was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our our our our our our our our our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May May May May May May May May May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to to to to to to to to to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love love love love love love love love love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going going going going going going going going going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is is is is is is is is is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away away away away away away away away away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all all all all all all all all all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is is is is is is is is is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in in in in in in in in in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal pedal pedal pedal pedal pedal pedal pedal pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of of of of of of of of of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is is is is is is is is is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to to to to to to to to to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part part part part part part part part part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup startup startup startup startup startup startup startup startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a a a a a a a a a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you you you you you you you you you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My My My My My My My My My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to to to to to to to to to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me me me me me me me me me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a a a a a a a a a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and and and and and and and and and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come come come come come come come come come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let let let let let let let let let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start start start start start start start start start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people people people people people people people people people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or or or or or or or or or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can can can can can can can can can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you you you you you you you you you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D D D D D D D D D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a a a a a a a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have have have have have have have have have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one one one one one one one one one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the the the the the the the the the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like like like like like like like like like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my my my my my my my my my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few few few few few few few few few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is is is is is is is is is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your your your your your your your your your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your your your your your your your your your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a a a a a a a a a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about about about about about about about about about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and and and and and and and and and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not not not not not not not not not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have have have have have have have have have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you you you you you you you you you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is how I want want want want want want want want want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week to to to to to to to to to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go go go go go go go go go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program program program program program program program program program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started started started started started started started started started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We We We We We We We We We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century century century century century century century century century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time time time time time time time time time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to to to to to to to to to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March March March March March March March March March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you you you you you you you you you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the the the the the the the the the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with with with with with with with with with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be be be be be be be be be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has has has has has has has has has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app app app app app app app app app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given given given given given given given given given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those those those those those those those those those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a a a a a a a a a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song song song song song song song song song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a a a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the the the the the the the the the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that that that that that that that that that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news news news news news news news news news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the the the the the the the the the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the the the the the the the the the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to to to to to to to to to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is is is is is is is is is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change change change change change change change change change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and and and and and and and and and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development development development development development development development development development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and and and and and and and and and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one one one one one one one one one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by by by by by by by by by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give give give give give give give give give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you you you you you you you you you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, plan, plan, plan, plan, plan, plan, plan, plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a a a a a a a a a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about about about about about about about about about six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch porch porch porch porch porch porch porch porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the the the the the the the the the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his his his his his his his his his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So So So So So So So So So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It came back back back back back back back back back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and and and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a a a a a a a a a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something something something something something something something something something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and and and and and and and and and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the the the the the the the the the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we we we we we we we we we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people people people people people people people people people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of of of of of of of of of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are are are are are are are are are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift sift sift sift sift sift sift sift sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a a a a a a a a a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the the the the the the the the the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if if if if if if if if if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your your your your your your your your your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I I I I I I I I I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Clear Clear Clear Clear Clear Clear Clear Clear Water went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of of of of of of of of of come back round again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so so so so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special special special special special special special special special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is is is is is is is is is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances dances dances dances dances dances dances dances dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but but but but but but but but but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say say say say say say say say say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR PR PR PR PR PR PR PR PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I I I I I I I I I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think think think think think think think think think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go go go go go go go go go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society Society Society Society Society Society Society Society Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got got got got got got got got got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news news news news news news news news news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and and and and and and and and and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of of of of of of of of of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I I I I I I I I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that that that that that that that that that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of of of of of of of of of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of of of of of of of of of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what what what what what what what what what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on on on on on on on on on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD ELD ELD ELD ELD ELD ELD ELD ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as as as as as as as as as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to to to to to to to to to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in in in in in in in in in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one one one one one one one one one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So So So So So So So So So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next next next next next next next next next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really really really really really really really really really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we we we we we we we we we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say say say say say say say say say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not not not not not not not not not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today today today today today today today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I I I I I I I I I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your your your your your your your your your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a a a a a a a a a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to to to to to to to to to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with with with with with with with with with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so so so so so so so so so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the the the the the the the the the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to to to to to to to to to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not not not not not not not not not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we we we we we we we we we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That That That That That That That That That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It It It It It It It It It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show show show show show show show show show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one one one one one one one one one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do do do do do do do do do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of of of of of of of of of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the the the the the the the the the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was was was was was was was was was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up up up up up up up up up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around around around around around around around around around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It It It It It It It It It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all all all all all all all all all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you you you you you you you you you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to to to to to to to to to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and and and and and and and and and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with with with with with with with with with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So So So So So So So So So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old old old old old old old old old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one one one one one one one one one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first first first first first first first first first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was was was was was was was was was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before before before before before before before before before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk to to to to to to to to to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm going going going going going going going going going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And And And And And And And And And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for for for for for for for for for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was was was was was was was was was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to to to to to to to to to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that that that that that that that that that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and and and and and and and and and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you you you you you you you you you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that that that that that that that that that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like like like like like like like like like this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around around around around around around around around around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for for for for for for for for for not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see see see see see see see see see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just just just just just just just just just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I I I I I I I I I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to to to to to to to to to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every every every every every every every every every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you really really really really really really really really really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's mom's mom's mom's mom's mom's mom's mom's mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on on on on on on on on on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the the the the the the the the the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just just just just just just just just just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a a a a a a a a a little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who who who who who who who who who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because because because because because because because because because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her her her her her her her her her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or or or or or or or or or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in in in in in in in in in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and and and and and and and and and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that that that that that that that that that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and and and and and and and and and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for for for for for for for for for rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on on on on on on on on on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a a a a a a a a a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got got got got got got got got got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away away away away away away away away away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at at at at at at at at at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not not not not not not not not not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to to to to to to to to to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what what what what what what what what what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like like like like like like like like like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then then then then then then then then then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do do do do do do do do do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top top top top top top top top top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out out out out out out out out out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try try try try try try try try try to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just just just just just just just just just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with with with with with with with with with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you you you you you you you you you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is is is is is is is is is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink and and and and and and and and and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is is is is is is is is is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of of of of of of of of of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day like like like like like like like like like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the the the the the the the the the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why why why why why why why why why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that that that that that that that that that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school school school school school school school school school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to to to to to to to to to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you you you you you you you you you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type type type type type type type type type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still still still still still still still still still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the the the the the the the the the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little little little little little little little little little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I I I I I I I I I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a a a a a a a a a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that that that that that that that that that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be be be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it it it it it it it it it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about about about about about about about about about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the the the the the the the the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key key key key key key key key key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I I I I I I I I I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the the the the the the the the the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what what what what what what what what what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came came came came came came came came came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the the the the the the the the the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to to to to to to to to to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that that that that that that that that that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have have have have have have have have have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So So So So So So So So So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read read read read read read read read read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to to to to to to to to to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on on on on on on on on on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of of of of of of of of of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live live live live live live live live live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be be be be be be be be be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man man man man man man man man man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train train train train train train train train train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the the the the the the the the the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its its its its its its its its its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of of of of of of of of of a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a a a a a a a a a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do do do do do do do do do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the the the the the the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end end end end end end end end end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want want want want want want want want want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against against against against against against against against against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on on on on on on on on on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here here here here here here here here here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than than than than than than than than than we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early early early early early early early early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All All All All All All All All All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over over over over over over over over over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am am am am am am am am am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here here here here here here here here here. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, use, use, use, use, use, use, use, use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you you you you you you you you you know when the biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free free free free free free free free free. So download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get get started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I I I I I I I I I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time time time time time time time time time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story story story story story story story story story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This This This This This This This This This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is is is is is is is is is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a a a a a a a a a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was was was was was was was was was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very very very very very very very very very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this this this this this this this this this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a a a a a a a a a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over over over over over over over over over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got got got got got got got got got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about about about about about about about about about who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we we we we we we we we we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be be be be be be be be be and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really really really really really really really really really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about about about about about about about about about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So So So So So So So So So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the the the the the the the the the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played played played played played played played played played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night night night night night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the the the the the the the the the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day day day day day day day day day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a a a a a a a a a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full full full full full full full full full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would would would would would would would would would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this this this this this this this this this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try to to to to to to to to to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the the the the the the the the the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like like like like like like like like like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to to to to to to to to to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got got got got got got got got got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you you you you you you you you you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been been been been been been been been been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got got got got got got got got got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us us us us us us us us us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to to to to to to to to to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but but but but but but but but but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is is is is is is is is is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the the the the the the the the the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a a a a a a a a a hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it it it it it it it it it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through through through through through through through through through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was was was was was was was was was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not not not not not not not not not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could could could could could could could could could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not not not not not not not not not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of of of of of of of of of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over over over over over over over over over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the top top top top top top top top top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 when when when when when when when when when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the the the the the the the the the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special special special special special special special special special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on on on on on on on on on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed landed landed landed landed landed landed landed landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about about about about about about about about about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and and and and and and and and and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for for for for for for for for for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the the the the the the the the the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach it that that that that that that that that that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first first first first first first first first first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and and and and and and and and and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way way way way way way way way way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings writings writings writings writings writings writings writings writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need need need need need need need need need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now now now now now now now now now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you you you you you you you you you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have have have have have have have have have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your your your your your your your your your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with with with with with with with with with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for for for for for for for for for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, positivity, positivity, positivity, positivity, positivity, positivity, positivity, positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to to to to to to to to to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long long long long long long long long long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God God God God God God God God God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have have have have have have have have have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It It It It It It It It It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we we we we we we we we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? you you you you you you you you Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to to to to to to to to to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one one one one one one one one one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and and and and and and and and and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going going going going going going going going going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said said said said said said said said said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in in in in in in in in in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to to to to to to to to to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like like like like like like like like like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the the the the the the the the the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that that that that that that that that that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to to to to to to to to to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social social social social social social social social social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages ages ages ages ages ages ages ages ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together together together together together together together together together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from from from from from from from from from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at at at at at at at at at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be be be be be be be be be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our our our our our our our our our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And And And And And And And And And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he he he he he he he he he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and and and and and and and and and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are are are are are are are are are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was was was was was was was was was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different different different different different different different different different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I I I I I I I I I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some some some some some some some some some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a a a a a a a a a few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to to to to to to to to to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age age age age age age age age age of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for for for for for for for for for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try try try try try try try try try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make make make make make make make make make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live live live live live live live live live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look look look look look look look look look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We We We We We We We We We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users users users users users users users users users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we we we we we we we we we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies homies homies homies homies homies homies homies homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no no no no no no no no no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your your your your your your your your your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If If If If If If If If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his his his his his his his his his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living living living living living living living living living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk a a a a a a a a a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Between Between Between Between Between Between Between Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after after after after after after after after after the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with with with with with with with with with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and and and and and and and and and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the the the the the the the the the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so so so so so so so so so you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much much much much much much much much much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and and and and and and and and and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change change change change change change change change change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated indicated indicated indicated indicated indicated indicated indicated indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will will will will will will will will will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time time time time time time time time time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we we we we we we we we we said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by by by by by by market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If If If If If If If If If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the the the the the the the the the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth earth earth earth earth earth earth earth earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied multiplied multiplied multiplied multiplied multiplied multiplied multiplied multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will will will will will will will will will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion portion portion portion portion portion portion portion portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The The The The The The The The The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not not not not not not not not not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? up up up up up up up up Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is is is is is is is is is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, Back, Back, Back, Back, Back, Back, Back, Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find find find find find find find find find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many many many many many many many many many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person person person person person person person person person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event event event event event event event event event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying underlying underlying underlying underlying underlying underlying underlying underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice mice mice mice mice mice mice mice mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but but but but but but but but but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to to to to to to to to to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out out out out out out out out out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a a a a a a a a a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He He He He He He He He He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how how how how how how how how how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like like like like like like like like like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my my my my my my my my my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and and and and and and and and and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you you you you you you you you you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man man man man man man man man man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the the the the the the the the the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man man man man man man man man man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get get get get get get get get get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with with with with with with with with with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be be be be be be be be be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to to to to to to to to to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The The The The The The The The The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he he he he he he he he he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is is is is is is is is is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who who who who who who who who who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by by by by by by by by by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it it it it it it it it it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I I I I I I I I I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it it it it it it it it it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really really really really really really really really really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that that that that that that that that that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just just just just just just just just just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to to to to to to to to to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. I I I I I I I I I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we we we we we we we we we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and and and and and and and and and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it it it it it it it it it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for for for for for for for for for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very very very very very very very very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it it it it it it it it it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first first first first first first first first first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are are are are are are are are are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things things things things things things things things things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after after after after after after after after after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I I I I I I I I I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any any any any any any any any any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money money money money money money money money money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of of of of of of of of of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away away away away away away away away away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within within within within within within within within within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with with with with with with with with with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away away away away away away away away away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to to to to to to to to to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an important important important important important important important important important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of of of of of of of of of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success success success success success success success success success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you you you you you you you you you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other other other other other other other other other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, span, span, span, span, span, span, span, span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take take take take take take take take take me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan fintan fintan fintan fintan fintan fintan fintan fintan in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a a a a a a a a a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does does does does does does does does does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to to to to to to to to to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not not not not not not not not not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our our our our our our our our our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the the the the the the the the the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want want want want want want want want want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and and and and and and and and and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our our our our our our our our our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will will will will will will will will will tell you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who who who who who who who who who will probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 a man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He He He He He He He He He was arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want want want want want want want want want to grow old in prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so so so so so so so so so if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and and and and and and and and and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born born born born born born born born born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan with no money a a a a a a a a a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences here at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and and and and and and and and and do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to to to to to to to to to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between between between between between between between between between two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share share share share share share share share share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a a a a a a a a a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C C C C C C C C C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more more more more more more more more more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then then then then then then then then then when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the the the the the the the the the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free free free free free free free free free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning lightning lightning lightning lightning lightning lightning lightning lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up up up up up up up up up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we we we we we we we we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is is is is is is is is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor humor humor humor humor humor humor humor humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I I I I I I I I I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the ether ether ether ether ether ether ether ether ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very very very very very very very very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community community community community community community community community community. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we we we we we we we we we do that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in in in in in in in in in pain, then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top top top top top top top top top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide hide hide hide hide hide hide hide hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature caricature caricature caricature caricature caricature caricature caricature caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This This This This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for for for for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Teen Teen Teen Teen Teen Teen Teen Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this this this this this this this this this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well well well well well well well well well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type of of of of of of of of of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the the the the the the the the the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be about about about about about about about about about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So So So So So So So So So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if if if if if if if if if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my my my my my my my my my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to to to to to to to to to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I I I I I I I I I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back back back back back back back back back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for for for for for for for for for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day day day day day day day day day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your your your your your your your your your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None None None None None None None None None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the the the the the the the the the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as as as as as as as as as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like like like like like like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and and and and and and and and and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their their their their their their their their their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to to to to to to to to to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you you you you you you you you you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for for for for for for for for for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do you say say say say say say say say say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like like like like like like like like like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not believe in in in in in in in in in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is is is is is is is is is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I I I I I I I I I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work work work work work work work work work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my my my my my my my my my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If If If If If If If If If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it it it it it it it it it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of of of of of of of of of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? today today today today today today today today We need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it it it it it it it it it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply apply apply apply apply apply apply apply apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in in in in in in in in in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because because because because because because because because because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one one one one one one one one one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better better better better better better better better better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My My My My My My My My My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those those those those those those those those those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with with with with with with with with with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if if if if if if if if if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money money money money money money money money money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works works works works works works works works works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out out out out out out out out out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to to to to to to to to to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found found found found found found found found found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We We We We We We We We We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when when when when when when when when when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I I I I I I I I I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show show show show show show show show show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super super super super super super super super super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about about about about about about about about about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have have have have have have have have have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life life life life life life life life life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our our our our our our our our our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So So So So So So So So So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for for for for for for for for for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am am am am am am am am am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their their their their their their their their their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest invest invest invest invest invest invest invest invest in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about about about about about about about about about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there are some cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is Gavin Gavin Gavin Gavin Gavin Gavin Gavin Gavin Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on on on on on on on on on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? today today today today today today today today Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should should should should should should should should should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how how how how how how how how how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so so so so so so so so so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you you you you you you you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why why why why why why why why why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for me, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography and and and and and and and and and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the the the the the the the the the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I I I I I I I I I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not not not not not not not not not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out out out out out out out out out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or or or or or or or or or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what what what what what what what what what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after after after after after after after after after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right right right right right right right right right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together together together together together together together together together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your your your your your your your your your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our our our our our our our our our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's Grey's Grey's Grey's Grey's Grey's Grey's Grey's Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of of of of of of of of of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both both both both both both both both both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer farmer farmer farmer farmer farmer farmer farmer farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of of of of of of of of of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a a a a a a a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I I I I I I I I I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and and and and and and and and and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the the the the the the the the the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I I I I I I I I I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some education education education education education education education education education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that that that that that that that that that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan then you you you you you you you you you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that that that that that that that that that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you you you you you you you you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just just just just just just just just just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in in in in in in in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name name name name name name name name name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not not not not not not not not not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there there there there there there there there there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I I I I I I I I I when I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you you you you you you you you you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So So So So So So So So So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has has has has has has has has has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like like like like like like like like like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from from from from from from from from from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st st st st st st st st st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a a a a a a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like like like like like like like like like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for for for for for for for for for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have have have have have have have have have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do do do do do do do do do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from from from from from from from from from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that that that that that that that that that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles principles principles principles principles principles principles principles principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having having having having having having having having having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder householder householder householder householder householder householder householder householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well well well well well well well well well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live live live live live live live live live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training training training training training training training training training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in in in in in in in in in this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show show show show show show show show show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and and and and and and and and and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having having having having having having having having having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin from a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and and and and and and and and and Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a a a a a a a a a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today we we we we we we we we we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this this this this this this this this this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong belong belong belong belong belong belong belong belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you you you you you you you you you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the the the the the the the the the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this this this this this this this this this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music music music music music music music music music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that that that that that that that that that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to to to to to to to to to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I I I I I I I I I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call call call call call call call call call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on on on on on on on on on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since since since since since since since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has has has has has has has has has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in in in in in in in in in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all all all all all all all all all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what what what what what what what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your your your your your your your your your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in in in in in in in in in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming Disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and and and and and and and and and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out out out out out out out out out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being being being being being being being being being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions versions versions versions versions versions versions versions versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to to to to to to to to to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your your your your your your your your your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around around around around around around around around around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many many many many many many many many many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going going going going going going going going going on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up up up up up up up up up. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one one one one one one one one one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we we we we we we we we we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but but but but but but but but but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the the the the the the the the the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a a a a a a a a a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary cautionary cautionary cautionary cautionary cautionary cautionary cautionary cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about about about about about about about about about to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check Check Check Check Check Check Check Check Check out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day day day day day day day day day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is is is is is is is is is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college college college college college college college college college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back back back back back back back back back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be be be be be be be be be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we we we we we we we we we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then then then then then then then then then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be be be be be be be be be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we we we we we we we we we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a a a a a a a a a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we we we we we we we we we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He He He He He He He He He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going going going going going going going going going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more more more more more more more more more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season season season season season season season season season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me me me me me me me me me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so off off off off off off off off off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get get get get get get get get get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I I I I I I I I I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a a a a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live live live live live live live live live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we we we we we we we we we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing preparing preparing preparing preparing preparing preparing preparing preparing for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to to to to to to to to to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for for for for for for for for for the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you you you you you you you you you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on on on on on on on on on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need need need need need need need need need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads for you you record the ones that you want and they go on your your your your your your your your your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place place place place place place place place place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to to to to to to to to to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for for for for for for for for for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is is is is is is is is is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to to to to to to to to to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to to to to to to to to to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something something something something something something something something something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What What What What What What What What What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them them them them them them them them them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top top top top top top top top top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has has has has has has has has has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a a a a a a a a a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road road road road road road road road road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help help help help help help help help help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts into action. And if we can help at least one other person as a a a a a a a a a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very very very very very very very very very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you you you you you you you you you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to to to to to to to to to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by by by by by by by by by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here here here here here here here here here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and and and and and and and and and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this this this this this this this this this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our our our our our our our our our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? right right right right right right right right Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for for for for for for for for for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our our our our our show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the the the the the the the the the answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better better better better better better better better better than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just just just just just just just just just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you you you you you you you you you ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My My My My My My My My My question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you you you you you you you you you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for for for for for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every every every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an an an an an an an an an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and and and and and and and and and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you you you you you you you you you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for for for for for for for for for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your your your your your your your your your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it it it it it it it it it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know know know know know know know know know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and and and and and and and and and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me me me me me me me me me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been been been been been been been been been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link link link link link link link link link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for for for for for for for for for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too too too too too too too too too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have have have have have have have have have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along along along along along along along along along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and and and and and and and and and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of of of of of of of of of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but but but but but but but but but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to to to to to to to to to help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one one one one one one one one one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all all all all all all all all all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for for for for for for for for for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but but but but but but but but but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I I I I I I I I I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has has has has has has has has has blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence health food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go go go go go go go go go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets nuggets nuggets nuggets nuggets nuggets nuggets nuggets nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that that that that that that that that that people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see see see see see see see see see basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like like like like like like like like like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I I I I I I I I I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like like like like like like like like like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's fix this this this this this this this this this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business and I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need to be in control control control control control control control control control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like like like like like like like like like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about about about about about about about about about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more more more more more more more more more deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of of of of of of of of of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you you you you you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with with with with with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like like like like like like like like like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your your your your your your your your your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your your your your your your your your your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I I I I I I I I I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if if if if if if if if if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today today today today today today today today today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is is is is is is is is is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my my my my my my my my my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So So So So So So So So So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into into into into into into into into into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than than than than than than than than than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month month month month month month month month month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like like like like like like like like like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why why why why why why why why why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? way way way way way way way way Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name name name name name name name name name is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and and and and and and and and and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this this this this this this this this this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it it it it it it it it it goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do do do do do do do do do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to to to to to to to to to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All All All All All All All All All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of of of of of of of of of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you you you you you you you you you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the the the the the the the the the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always always always always always always always always always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of of of of of of of of of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up up up up up up up up up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I I I I I I I I I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early early early early early early early early early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am am am am am am am am am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been been been been been been been been been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with with with with with with with with with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for for for for for for for for for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I I I I I I I I I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching munching munching munching munching munching munching munching munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over over over over over over over over over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for for for for for for for for for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up up up up up up up up up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There There There There There There There There There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out out out out out out out out out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to to to to to to to to to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of of of of of of of of of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name name name name name name name name name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that that that that that that that that that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we we we we we we we we we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my my my my my my my my my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What What What What What What What What What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my my my my my my my my my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and and and and and and and and and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here here here here here here here here here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also also also also also also also also also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a a a a a a a a a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, content, content, content, content, content, content, content, content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click click click click click click click click click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If If If If If If If If If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do do do do do do do do do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to to to to to to to to to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create create create create create create create create create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to to to to to to to to to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all all all all all all all all all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to to to to to to to to to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather rather rather rather rather rather rather rather rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which which which which which which which which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My My My My My My My My My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG IG IG IG IG IG IG IG IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? up up up up up up up up I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was was was was was was was was was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail detail detail detail detail detail detail detail detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a a a a a a a a a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are are are are are are are are are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having having having having having having having having having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such such such such such such such such such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both both both both both both both both both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this this this this this this this this this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the the the the the the the the the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not not not not not not not not not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after after after after after after after after after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the the the the the the the the the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again again again again again again again again again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought fought fought fought fought fought fought fought fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my my my my my my my my my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be be be be be be be be be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a a a a a a a a a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races races races races races races races races races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about about about about about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is is is is is is is is is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to to to to to to to to to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your your your your your your your your your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very very very very very very very very very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for for for for for for for for for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their their their their their their their their their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song song song song song song song song song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you you you you you you you you you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and and and and and and and and and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was was was was was was was was was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much much much much much much much much much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app app app app app app app app app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app app app app app app app app app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of of of of of of of of of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about about about about about about about about about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up up up up up up up up up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years years years years years years years years years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why why why why why why why why why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and and and and and and and and and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the the the the the the the the the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him him him him him him him him him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record record record record record record record record record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area area area area area area area area area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the the the the the the the the the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for for for for for for for for for this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community community community community community community community community community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to to to to to to to to to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little little little little little little little little little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So So So So So So So So So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that that that that that that that that that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old old old old old old old old old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it it it it it it it it it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of of of of of of of of of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about about about about about about about about about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one one one one one one one one one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had had had had had had had had had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other other other other other other other other other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to to to to to to to to to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them them them them them them them them them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where where where where where where where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business business business business business business business business business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day day day day day day day day day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able able able able able able able able able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine results. So So So So So So So So So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a website website website website website website website website website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for for for for for for for for for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So So So So So So So So So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music music music music music music music music music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the the the the the the the the the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all all all all all all all all all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so so so so so so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you you you you you you you you you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking Speaking Speaking Speaking Speaking Speaking Speaking Speaking Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today today today today today today today today today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where where where where where where where where where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around around around around around around around around around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make make make make make make make make make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about about about about about about about about about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it it it it it it it it it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from from from from from from from from from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you you you you you you you you you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing showing showing showing showing showing showing showing showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on on on on on on on on on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where where where where where where where where where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for for for for for for for for for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week week week week week week week week week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really really really really really really really really really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story story story story story story story story story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week week week week week week week week week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the the the the the the the the the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this this this this this this this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say say say say say say say say say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the the the the the the the the the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are are are are are are are are are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go go go go go go go go go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find find find find find find find find find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the the the the the the the the the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you you you you you you you you you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really really really really really really really really really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and and and and and and and and and next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is is is is is is is is is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his his his his his his his his his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we we we we we we we we we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their their their their their their their their their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our our our our our our our our our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about about about about about about about about about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but but but but but but but but but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really really really really really really really really really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this this this this this this this this this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been been been been been been been been been here for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more more more more more more more more more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say say say say say say say say say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we we we we we we we we we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be be be be be be be be be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is is is is is is is is is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my my my my my my my my my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm here here here here here here here here here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show show show show show show show show show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up up up up up up up up up to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little little little little little little little little little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be be be be be be be be be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class class class class class class class class class clown class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am am am am am am am am am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the the the the the the the the the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as as as as as as as as as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first first first first first first first first first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we we we we we we we we we could have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like like like like like like like like like my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a a a a a a a a a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to to to to to to to to to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born born born born born born born born born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over over over over over over over over over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each each each each each each each episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that that that that that that that that that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a a a a a a a a a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and and and and and and and and and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times times times times times times times times times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go go go go go go go go go to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you you you you you you you you you plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our our our our our our our our our campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range range range range range range range range range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for for for for for for for for for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will will will will will will will will will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have have have have have have have have have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for for for for for for for for for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will will will will will will will will will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always always always always always always always always always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good good good good good good good good good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like like like like like like like like like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that that that that that that that that that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through through through through through through through through through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and and and and and and and and and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the the the the the the the the the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to to to to to to to to to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said said said said said said said said said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like like like like like like like like like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a a a a a a a a a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team team team team team team team team team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event event event event event event event event event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and and and and and and and and and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good good good good good good good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this this this this this this this this this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free free free free free free free free free totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away away away away away away away away away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to to to to to to to to to me. If you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will will will will will will will will will know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the the the the the the the the the word of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will will will will will will will will will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges. My heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which which which which which which which which which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go go go go go go go go go through it will be different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the the the the the the the the the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has been been been been been been been been been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. What's their apart? apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things. But I think think think think think think think think think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it it it it it it it it it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has now now now now now now now now now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka babka babka babka babka babka babka babka babka last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the the the the the the the the the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now now now now now now now now now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this this this this this this this this this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the the the the the the the the the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give give give give give give give give give you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make make make make make make make make make the podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but but but but but but but but but there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any any any any any any any any any Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I I I I I I I I I just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So So So So So So So So So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good good good good good good good good good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know about about about about about about about about about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all all all all all all all all all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're just just just just just just just just just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out out out out out out out out out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do do do do do do do do do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so so so so so so so so so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like like like like like like like like like him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like like like like like like like like like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the the the the the the the the the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if if if if if if if if if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to to to to to to to to to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years years years years years years years years years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years years years years years years years years years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he he he he he he he he he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went went went went went went went went went to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these these these these these these these these these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So So So So So So So So So when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the the the the the the the the the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church church church church church church church church church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been been been been been been been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the the the the the the the the the player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and and and and and and and and and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and and and and and and and and and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key key key key key key key key key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app app app app app app app app app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what what what what what what what what what you do for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of of of of of of of of of my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is is is is is is is is is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to to to to to to to to to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time time time time time time time time time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like like like like like like like like like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me me me me me me me me me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to to to to to to to to to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you you you you you you you you you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to this this this this this this this this this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the the the the the the the the the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last last last last last last last last last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also also also also also also also also also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And And And And And And And And And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we we we we we we we we we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like you you you you you you you you you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub sub sub sub sub sub sub sub sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is a a a a a a a a a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a a a a a a a a a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane insane insane insane insane insane insane insane insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but but but but but but but but but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many many many many many many many many many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up up up up up up up up up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for for for for for for for for for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? that that that that that that that that You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have have have have have have have have have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and and and and and and and and and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays lays lays lays lays lays lays lays lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of of of of of of of of of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name name name name name name name name name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you you you you you you you you you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and and and and and and and and and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why why why why why why why why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If If If If If If If If If you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these these these these these these these these these you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to to to to to to to to to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It It It It It It It It It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top top top top top top top top top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in in in in in in in in in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of of of of of of of of of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from from from from from from from from from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to to to to to to to to to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie Kylie Kylie Kylie Kylie Kylie Kylie Kylie Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about about about about about about about about about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about about about about about about about about about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and and and and and and and and and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least least least least least least least least least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years now now now now now now now now now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from from from from from from from from from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New New New New New New New New New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is is is is is is is is is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people people people people people people people people people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able able able able able able able able able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working working working working working working working working working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the the the the the the the the the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for for for for for for for for for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This This This This This This This This This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to to to to to to to to to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, Wait, Wait, Wait, Wait, Wait, Wait, Wait, Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to to to to to to to to to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here here here here here here here here here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My My My My My My My My My passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us us us us us us us us us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a a a a a a a a a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors co-directors co-directors co-directors co-directors co-directors co-directors co-directors co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this this this this this this this this this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when when when when when when when when when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and and and and and and and and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we we we we we we we we we grew up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We We We We We We We We We still have our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you you you you you you you you you live from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from from from from from from from from from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to to to to to to to to to our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to to to to to to to to to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want want want want want want want want want to do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had had had had had had had had had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first first first first first first first first first episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you you you you you you you you you know, my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people people people people people people people people people who love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the the the the the the the the the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that that that that that that that that that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the the the the the the the the the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when when when when when when when when when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I I I I I I I I I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my my my my my my my my my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course course course course course course course course course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I I I I I I I I I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that that that that that that that that that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of of of of of of of of of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one one one one one one one one one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We We We We We We We We We have all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our our our our our our our our our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I I I I I I I I I are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these these these these these these these these these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what what what what what what what what what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some some some some some some some some some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with with with with with with with with with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then then then then then then then then then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's one one one one one one one one one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for for for for for for for for for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question question question question question question question question question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the the the the the the the the the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out out out out out out out out out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if if if if if if if if if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at at at at at at at at at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a a a a a a a a a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it it it it it it it it it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to to to to to to to to to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you you you you you you you you you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number number number number number number number number number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just just just just just just just just just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and and and and and and and and and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what a a a a a a a a a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the best best best best best best best best best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you you you you you you you you you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because because because because because because because because because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a a a a a a a a a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I I I I I I I I I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my my my my my my my my my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the the the the the the the the the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course course course course course course course course course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only only only only only only only only only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all all all all all all all all all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to to to to to to to to to Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of of of of of of of of of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative derivative derivative derivative derivative derivative derivative derivative derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the the the the the the the the the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across across across across across across across across across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of of of of of of of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade Accolade Accolade Accolade Accolade Accolade Accolade Accolade Accolade. Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us us us us us us us us us today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had had had had had had had had had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This This This This This This This This This podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a a a a a a a a a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love love love love love love love love love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all all all all all all all all all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love love love love love love love love love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all all all all all all all all all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from from from from from from from from from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would would would would would would would would would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is is is is is is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent equivalent equivalent equivalent equivalent equivalent equivalent equivalent equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term term term term term term term term term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the the the the the the the the the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up up up up up up up up up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I I I I I I I I I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and and and and and and and and and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going going going going going going going going going on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to to to to to to to to to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the the the the the the the the the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to to to to to to to to to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one one one one one one one one one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up up up up up up up up up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I I I I I I I I I even made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from from from from from from from from from here maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, you know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and and and and and and and and and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at at at at at at at at at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise rise rise rise rise rise rise rise rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a a a a a a a a a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think think think think think think think think think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like like like like like like like like like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me me me me me me me me me and show me a DM and I do what I typically do when I I I I I I I I I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next next next next next next next next next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and and and and and and and and and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to to to to to to to to to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a a a a a a a a a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your your your your your your your your your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back back back back back back back back back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as as as as as as as as as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of of of of of of of of of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be be be be be be be be be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and and and and and and and and and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and and and and and and and and and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life life life life life life life life life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off off off off off off off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in in in in in in in in in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas novenas novenas novenas novenas novenas novenas novenas novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will will will will will will will will will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and and and and and and and and and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the the the the the the the the the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the the the the the the the the the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is is is is is is is is is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can can can can can can can can can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place place place place place place place place place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and and and and and and and and and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and and and and and and and and and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because because because because because because because because because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life life life life life life life life life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And And And And And And And And And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to to to to to to to to to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want want want want want want want want want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once once once once once once once once once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British British British British British British British British British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please please please please please please please please please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and and and and and and and and and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British British British British British British British British British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are are are are are are are are are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an an an an an an an an an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all all all all all all all all all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on on on on on on on on on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that that that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your your your your your your your your your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for the the the the the the the the the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March for for for for for for for for for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and this this this this this this this this this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time to to to to to to to to to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of time time time time time time time time time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and and and and and and and and and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 2/3 2/3 2/3 2/3 2/3 2/3 2/3 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what what what what what what what what what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you you you you you you you you you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row row row row row row row row row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for in in in in in in in in in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of months, months, months, months, months, months, months, months, months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are are are are are are are are are back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that that that that that that that that that is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the the the the the the the the the fact that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff right now sweet bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some some some some some some some some some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of of of of of of of of of our good friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this this this this this this this this this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of of of of of of of of of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years years years years years years years years years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in in in in in in in in in my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key key key key key key key key key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of of of of of of of of of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some some some some some some some some some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of of of of of of of of of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you you you you you you you you you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number number number number number number number number number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then then then then then then then then then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck luck luck luck luck luck luck luck luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you you you you you you you you you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was was was was was was was was was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so so so so so so so so so good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going going going going going going going going going to talk about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course course course course course course course course course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a a a a a a a a a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or or or or or or or or or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and and and and and and and and and buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host host host host host host host host host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how how how how how how how how how the other Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the the the the the the the the the third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and and and and and and and and and how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that that that that that that that that that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How How How How How How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going going going going going going going going going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come come come come come come come come come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were were were were were were were were were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still still still still still still still still still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this this this this this this this this this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on on on on on on on on on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about about about about about about about about about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science science science science science science science science science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the the the the the the the the the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them them them them them them them them them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always always always always always always always always always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me me me me me me me me me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in in in in in in in in in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of of of of of of of of of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? what what what what what what what what I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are are are are are are are are are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in in in in in in in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your your your your your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god god god god god god god god god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and and and and and and and and and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own own own own own own own own own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I I I I I I I I I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to to to to to to to to to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to to to to to to to to to invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you you you you you you you you you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black black black black black black black black black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to to to to to to to to to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our our our our our our our our our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Feeding Feeding Feeding Feeding Feeding Feeding Feeding Feeding Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force force force force force force force force force and I'm so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I I I I I I I I I feel like I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the the the the the the the the the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How How How How How How How How How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the the the the the the the the the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There There There There There There There There There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is is is is is is is is is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If If If If If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take take take take take take take take take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having having having having having having having having having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there there there there there there there there there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who who who who who who who who who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for for for for for for for for for you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just just just just just just just just just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as as as as as as as as as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or or or or or or or or or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True True True True True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for for for for for for for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you you you you you you you you you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids do do do do do do do do do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in in in in in in in in in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So So So So So So So So So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they they they they they they they they they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but but but but but but but but but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was was was was was was was was was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for for for for for for for for for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people people people people people people people people people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have a few subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on the the the the the the the the the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development development development development development development development development development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to to to to to to to to to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see company based based based based based based based based based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The The The The The The The The The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and and and and and and and and and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house house house house house house house house house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her her her her her her her her her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that that that that that that that that that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that that that that that that that that that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to to to to to to to to to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I I I I I I I I I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if if if if if if if if if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His His His His His His His His His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to to to to to to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of of of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the the the the the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if if if if if if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your your your your your your your your your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which which which which which which which which which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them them them them them them them them them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from from from from from from from from from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old old old old old old old old old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table table table table table table table table table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the the the the the the the the the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the the the the the the the the the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media media media media media media media media media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what what what what what what what what what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been been been been been been been been been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about about about about about about about about about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them them them them them them them them them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us us us us us us us us us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move move move move move move move move move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should should should should should should should should should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College College College College College College College College College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it it it it it it it it it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died died died died died died died died died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So So So So So So So So So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it it it it it it it it it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served as as as as as as as as as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an an an an an an an an an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official official official official official official official official official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I I I I I I I I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how how how how how how how how how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it it it it it it it it it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to to to to to to to to to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've could've could've could've could've could've could've could've could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so so so so so so so so so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I I I I I I I I I thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two two two two two two two two two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much much much much much much much much much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for for for for for for for for for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make make make make make make make make make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, tea, tea, tea, tea, tea, tea, tea, tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call call call call call call call call call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but but but but but but but but but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote quote quote quote quote quote quote quote quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question question question question question question question question question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no no no no no no no no no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the the the the the the the the the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle battle battle battle battle battle battle battle battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it it it it it it it it it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about about about about about about about about about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started started started started started started started started started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of of of of of of of of of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express express express express express express express express express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental mental mental mental mental mental mental mental mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as as as as as as as as as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We We We We We We We We We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we we we we we we we we we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these these these these these these these these these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this this this this this this this this this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and and and and and and and and and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world world world world world world world world world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am am am am am am am am am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I I I I I I I I I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with you you you you you you you you you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join join join join join join join join join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the the the the the the the the the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act act act act act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off off off off off off off off off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that that that that that that that that that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against against against against against against against against against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be be be be be be be be be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc Etc Etc Etc Etc Etc Etc Etc Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school school school school school school school school school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you you you you you you you you you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to to to to to to to to to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like like like like like like like like like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article article article article article article article article article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about about about about about about about about about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well well well well well well well well well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I I I I I I I I I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an an an an an an an an an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great great great great great great great great great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but but but but but but but but but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It It It It It It It It It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short short short short short short short short short and on top of that you can even make money off of this this this this this this this this this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make make make make make make make make make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a a a a a a a a a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to to to to to to to to to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the the the the the the the the the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who who who who who who who who who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We We We We We We We We We are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 NFL draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined every week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential potential potential potential potential potential potential potential potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position position position position position position position position position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to to to to to to to to to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The The The The The The The The The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this this this this this this this this this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love love love love love love love love love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may may may may may may may may may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 am am am am am am am am am. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by by by by by by by by by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I I I I I I I I I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should should should should should should should should should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had had had had had had had had had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the the the the the the the the the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as as as as as as as as as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I I I I I I I I I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out out out out out out out out out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and and and and and and and and and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was was was was was was was was was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it it it it it it it it it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to to to to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to to to to to to to to to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to to to to to to to to to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make make make make make make make make make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get get get get get get get get get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your your your your your your your your your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and and and and and and and and and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for for for for for for for for for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think think think think think think think think think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the the the the the the the the the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this this this this this this this this this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you you you you you you you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him him him him him him him him him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for for for for for for for for for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and and and and and and and and and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta battuta battuta battuta battuta battuta battuta battuta battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as as as as as as as as as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people people people people people people people people people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, reporter, reporter, reporter, reporter, reporter, reporter, reporter, reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from from from from from from from from from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the the the the the the the the the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to to to to to to to to to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the the the the the the the the the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to to to to to to to to to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably when when when when when when when when when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would move back back back back back back back back back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a a a a a a a a a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going going going going going going going going going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come on on on on on on on on on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of the the the the the the the the the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to to to to to to to to to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one one one one one one one one one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up up up up up up up up up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is is is is is is is is is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I I I I I I I I I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our our our our our our our our our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a a a a a a a a a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while while while while while while while while while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our our our our our our our our our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we we we we we we we we we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of of of of of of of of of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you you you you you you you you you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to to to to to to to to to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the the the the the the the the the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we we we we we we we we we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if if if if if if if if if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% 10% 10% 10% 10% 10% 10% 10% 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for for for for for for for for for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you you you you you you you you you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their their their their their their their their their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a a a a a a a a a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will will will will will will will will will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a a a a a a a a a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So So So So So So So So So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back back back back back back back back back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you you you you you you you you you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my my my my my my my my my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him him him him him him him him him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little little little little little little little little little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for for for for for for for for for British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to to to to to to to to to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work work work work work work work work work of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in in in in in in in in in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information information information information information information information information information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our our our our our our our our our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man man man man man man man man man ride podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We We We We We We We We We had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up up up up up up up up up is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it it it it it it it it it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we we we we we we we we we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today today today today today today today today today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to to to to to to to to to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and and and and and and and and and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all all all all all all all all all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both both both both both both both both both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the the the the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show show show show show show show show show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is is is is is is is is is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an an an an an an an an an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of of of of of of of of of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to to to to to to to to to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did did did did did did did did did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is is is is is is is is is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click click click click click click click click click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it it it it it it it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I I I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have have have have have have have have have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world world world world world world world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week week week week week week week week week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from from from from from from from from from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered remembered remembered remembered remembered remembered remembered remembered remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She She She She She She She She She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a a a a a a a a a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own own own own own own own own own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to to to to to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find find find find find find find find find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good good good good good good good good good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, right that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good good good good good good good good good history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your your your your your your your your your projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very very very very very very very very very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how how how how how how how how how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change change change change change change change change change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what what what what what what what what what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think think think think think think think think think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the the the the the the the the the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first first first first first first first first first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the the the the the the the the the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our our our our our our our our our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm or or or or or or or or or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long long long long long long long long long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all all all all all all all all all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to to to to to to to to to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on on on on on on on on on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the the the the the the the the the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the the the the the the the the the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been been been been been been been been been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it it it it it it it it it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down down down down down down down down down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very very very very very very very very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP JP JP JP JP JP JP JP JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how how how how how how how how how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And And And And And And And And And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would would would would would would would would would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is is is is is is is is is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you you you you you you you you you need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on on on on on on on on on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the the the the the the the the the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you you you you you you you you you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that that that that that that that that that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are are are are are are are are are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and and and and and and and and and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along along along along along along along along along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have have have have have have have have have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and and and and and and and and and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think think think think think think think think think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of of of of of of of of of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of of of of of of of of of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to to to to to to to to to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and and and and and and and and and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app app app app app app app app app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me me me me me me me me me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used used used used used used used used used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not not not not not not not not not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like like like like like like like like like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line line line line line line line line line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with with with with with with with with with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look look look look look look look look look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a a a a a a a a a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business business business business business business business business business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in in in in in in in in in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop develop develop develop develop develop develop develop develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having having having having having having having having having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is is is is is is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who who who who who who who who who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control control control control control control control control control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how how how how how how how how how do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that that that that that that that that that can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those those those those those those those those those important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being being being being being being being being being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to to to to to to to to to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is is is is is is is is is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have have have have have have have have have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our our our our our our our our our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I I I I I I I I I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest lowest lowest lowest lowest lowest lowest lowest lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can can can can can can can can can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from from from from from from from from from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have have have have have have have have have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to to to to to to to to to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So So So So So So So So So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and and and and and and and and and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you you you you you you you you you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this this this this this this this this this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them them them them them them them them them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way way way way way way way way way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So So So So So So So So So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your your your your your your your your your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to to to to to to to to to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your your your your your your your your your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where where where where where where where where where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our our our our our our our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create create create create create create create create create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once once once once once once once once once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to to to to to to to to to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or or or or or or or or or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have to to to to to to to to to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and and and and and and and and and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are are are are are are are are are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note note note note note note note note note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want want want want want want want want want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another another another another another another another another another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see see see see see see see see see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in in in in in in in in in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo combo combo combo combo combo combo combo combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of of of of of of of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games games games games games games games games games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points points points points points points points points points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was was was was was was was was was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the team and and and and and and and and and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that that that that that that that that that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other other other other other other other other other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that that that that that that that that that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that that that that that that that that that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women women women women women women women women women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are are are are are are are are are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a a a a a a a a a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag bag bag bag bag bag bag bag bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that that that that that that that that that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my my my my my my my my my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I I I I I I I I I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the the the the the the the the the show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app app app app app app app app app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her her her her her her her her her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all all all all all all all all all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the the the the the the the the the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to to to to to to to to to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called called called called called called called called called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just a a a a a a a a a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three three three three three three three three three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word word word word word word word word word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a a a a a a a a a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called called called called called called called called called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast and and and and and and and and and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to to to to to to to to to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to to to to to to to to to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for for for for for for for for for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some some some some some some some some some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me as as as as as as as as as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we could could could could could could could could could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the the the the the the the the the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every every every every every every every every every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the the the the the the the the the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three three three three three three three three three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and and and and and and and and and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for for for for for for for for for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by by by by by by by by by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of of of of of of of of of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can can can can can can can can can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That That That That That That That That That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what what what what what what what what what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we we we we we we we we we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very very very very very very very very very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to to to to to to to to to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you you you you you you you you you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we we we we we we we we we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host your your your your your your your your your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got a Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It's right right right right right right right right right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll also also also also also also also also also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know know know know know know know know know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on on on on on on on on on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And And And And And And And And And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great great great great great great great great great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download download download download download download download download download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to to to to to to to to to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This This This This This This This This This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or or or or or or or or or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your your your your your your your your your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how how how how how how how how how many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at at at at at at at at at one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that that that that that that that that that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and and and and and and and and and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine divine divine divine divine divine divine divine divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close close close close close close close close close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you you you you you you you you you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second second second second second second second second second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take take take take take take take take take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some some some some some some some some some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some some some some some some some some some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all that that that that that that that that that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news news news news news news news news news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to you you you you you you you you you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records records records records records records records records records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being being being being being being being being being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most most most most most most most most most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today today today today today today today today today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to to to to to to to to to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are are are are are are are are are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break break break break break break break break break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a a a a a a a a a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning planning planning planning planning planning planning planning planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning planning planning planning planning planning planning planning planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off off off off off off off off off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are are are are are are are are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that that that that that that that that that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good good good good good good good good good. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part part part part part part part part part of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less less less less less less less less less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are are are are are are are are are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the the the the the the the the the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March March March March March March March March March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March March March March March March March March March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a a a a a a a a a break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we we we we we we we we we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by by by by by by by by by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the the the the the the the the the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we we we we we we we we we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or or or or or or or or or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a a a a a a a a a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and and and and and and and and and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the the the the the the the the the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us us us us us us us us us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features features features features features features features features features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not not not not not not not not not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very very very very very very very very very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half half half half half half half half half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that that that that that that that that that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not not not not not not not not not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are are are are are are are are are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you you you you you you you you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few few few few few few few few few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show show show show show show show show show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with with with with with with with with with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they can can can can can can can can can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what what what what what what what what what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click click click click click click click click click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were were were were were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the the the the the the the the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role that that that that that that that that that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really really really really really really really really really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but but but but but but but but but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You You You You You You You You You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we we we we we we we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another another another another another another another another another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and and and and and and and and and fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find find find find find find find find find me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you you you you you you you you you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the the the the the the the the the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course course course course course course course course course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More More More More More More More More More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the the the the the the the the the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then then then then then then then then then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in in in in in in in in in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a a a a a a a a a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people people people people people people people people people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be be be be be be be be be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that that that that that that that that that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm ty Hudson and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as as as as as as as as as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past past past past past past past past past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, please please please please please please please please please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can can can can can can can can can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your your your your your your your your your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that that that that that that that that that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do do do do do do do do do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on on on on on on on on on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another another another another another another another another another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some some some some some some some some some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the the the the the the the the the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is is is is is is is is is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So So So So So So So So So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims victims victims victims victims victims victims victims victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government government government government government government government government government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so so so so so so so so so far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I I I I I I I I I made a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about about about about about about about about about the meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I I I I I I I I I listen back to it that I said be nice. It's not a a a a a a a a a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and and and and and and and and and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to to to to to to to to to do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will will will will will will will will will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we we we we we we we we we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is a drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid aid aid aid aid aid aid aid aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County County County County County County County County County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two two two two two two two two two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can can can can can can can can can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them them them them them them them them them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal. My name is is is is is is is is is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going going going going going going going going going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always always always always always always always always always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can can can can can can can can can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know know know know know know know know know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it it it it it it it it it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which which which which which which which which which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you you you you you you you you you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so so so so so so so so so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story story story story story story story story story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School School School School School School School School School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just just just just just just just just just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of of of of of of of of of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her her her her her her her her her love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you you you you you you you you you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down down down down down down down down down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these these these these these these these these these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of of of of of of of of of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like like like like like like like like like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a a a a a a a a a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was that that that that that that that that that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about about about about about about about about about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on on on on on on on on on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one one one one one one one one one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it it it it it it it it it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we we we we we we we we we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond fan, you you you you you you you you you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history history history history history history history history history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special special special special special special special special special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on on on on on on on on on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to be be be be be be be be be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So So So So So So So So So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show show show show show show show show show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where where where where where where where where where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really really really really really really really really really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as as as as as as as as as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live live live live live live live live live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be be be be be be be be be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both both both both both both both both both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and and and and and and and and and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want want want want want want want want want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the the the the the the the the the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or or or or or or or or or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went went went went went went went went went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not not not not not not not not not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done done done done done done done done done they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other other other other other other other other other places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get get get get get get get get get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league league league league league league league league league board member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to to to to to to to to to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the the the the the the the the the game played in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life and and and and and and and and and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with with with with with with with with with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against against against against against against against against against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they they they they they they they they they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in in in in in in in in in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get get get get get get get get get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about about about about about about about about about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much much much much much much much much much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life life life life life life life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North North North North North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and and and and and and and and and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to go go go go go go go go go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would support support support support support support support support support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the the the the the the the the the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We We We We We We We We We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little little little little little little little little little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the the the the the the the the the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at at at at at at at at at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who who who who who who who who who was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where where where where where where where where where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts courts courts courts courts courts courts courts courts when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for for for for for for for for for money Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at at at at at at at at at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City City City City City City City City City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline decline decline decline decline decline decline decline decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look look look look look look look look look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just just just just just just just just just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to to to to to to to to to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back back back back back back back back back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you you you you you you you you you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back back back back back back back back back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the the the the the the the the the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it it it it it it it it it is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane membrane membrane membrane membrane membrane membrane membrane membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide hide hide hide hide hide hide hide hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back back back back back back back back back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also also also also also also also also also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First First First First First First First First First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been been been been been been been been been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I I I I I I I I I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He He He He He He He He He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his his his his his his his his his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and and and and and and and and and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must must must must must must must must must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is is is is is is is is is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none none none none none none none none none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right right right right right right right right right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to to to to to to to to to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and and and and and and and and and a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my my my my my my my my my life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved saved saved saved saved saved saved saved saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living living living living living living living living living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and worries worries worries worries worries worries worries worries worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that that that that that that that that that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another another another another another another another another another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health health health health health health health health health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that that that that that that that that that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who who who who who who who who who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your your your your your your your your your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money money money money money money money money money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going going going going going going going going going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is is is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by by by by by by by by by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and and and and and and and and and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out out out out out out out out out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have have have have have have have have have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I I I I I I I I I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I I I I I I I I I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts experts experts experts experts experts experts experts experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of of of of of of of of of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I I I I I I I I I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with with with with with with with with with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having having having having having having having having having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is is is is is is is is is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of of of of of of of of of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those those those those those those those those those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few few few few few few few few few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a a a a a a a a a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months months months months months months months months months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go go go go go go go go go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is is is is is is is is is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a a a a a a a a a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world world world world world world world world world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I I I I I I I I I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much much much much much much much much much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know know know know know know know know know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be be be be be be be be be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you you you you you you you you you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you you you you you you you you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and and and and and and and and and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We We We We We We We We We know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I I I I I I I I I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days days days days days days days days days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be be be be be be be be be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here here here here here here here here here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and and and and and and and and and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this this this this this this this this this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What What What What What What What What What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special special special special special special special special special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from from from from from from from from from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She She She She She She She She She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one one one one one one one one one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case case case case case case case case case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault assault assault assault assault assault assault assault assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under under under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in in in in in in in in in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on on on on on on on on on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those those those those those those those those those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a a a a a a a a a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us us us us us us us us us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No No No No No No No No No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go go go go go go go go go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or or or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This This This This This This This This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at at at at at at at at at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story about about about about about about about about about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for for for for for for for for for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a little little little little little little little little little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want want want want want want want want want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you you you you you you you you you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time time time time time time time time time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that that that that that that that that that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project project project project project project project project project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in in in in in in in in in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so so so so so so so so so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in in in in in in in in in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this this this this this this this this this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of of of of of of of of of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and and and and and and and and and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through through through through through through through through through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for for for for for for for for for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To To To To To To To To To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have have have have have have have have have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What What What What What What What What What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week week week week week week week week week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This This This This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what what what what what what what what what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a a a a a a a a a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other other other other other other other other other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion for for for for for for for for for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to to to to to to to to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my my my my my my my my my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best best best best best best best best best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can can can can can can can can can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my my my my my my my my my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and and and and and and and and and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as as as as as as as as as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has has has has has has has has has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a a a a a a a a a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know know know know know know know know know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be be be be be be be be be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and and and and and and and and and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up up up up up up up up up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So So So So So So So So So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A A A A A A A A A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we we we we we we we we we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show show show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I I I I I I I I I opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever comes to you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thinking you kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well well well well well well well well well and your own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are are are are are are are are are there good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that that that that that that that that that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not not not not not not not not not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place place place place place place place place place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a a a a a a a a a lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking waking waking waking waking waking waking waking waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is is is is is is is is is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on on on on on on on on on my creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I I I I I I I I I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and and and and and and and and and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like like like like like like like like like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front front front front front front front front front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you you you you you you you you you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the the the the the the the the the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If If If If If If If If If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It It It It It It It It It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world world world world world world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of of of of of of of of of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and and and and and and and and and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find find find find find find find find find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a a a a a a a a a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you you you you you you you you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in in in in in in in in in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was six six six six six six six six six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just just just just just just just just just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with with with with with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this this this this this this this this this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or or or or or or or or or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to to to to to to to to to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think think think think think think think think think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I I I I I I I I I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New New New New New New New New New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had had had had had had had had had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I I I I I I I I I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while while while while while while while while while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it it it it it it it it it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to to to to to to to to to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it it it it it it it it it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said said said said said said said said said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for for for for for for for for for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to to to to to to to to to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always always always always always always always always always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that that that that that that that that that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something something something something something something something something something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for for for for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the the the the the the the the the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your your your your your your your your your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of of of of of of of of of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a a a a a a a a a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line line line line line line line line line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for for for for for for for for for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space space space space space space space space space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more more more more more more more more more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had had had had had had had had had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you you you you you you you you you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to to to to to to to to to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My My My My My My My My My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again again again again again again again again again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you you you you you you you you you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as as as as as as as as as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed programmed programmed programmed programmed programmed programmed programmed programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you you you you you you you you you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was was was was was was was was was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are are are are are are are are are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for for for for for for for for for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of of of of of of of of of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do do do do do do do do do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most most most most most most most most most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form form form form form form form form form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that that that that that that that that that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So So So So So So So So So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down some some some some some some some some some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real real real real real real real real real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As As As As As As As As As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And And And And And And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for for for for for for for for for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great great great great great great great great great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our our our our our our our our our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or or or or or or or or or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of of of of of of of of of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the the the the the the the the the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was was was was was was was was was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was was was was was was was was was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that that that that that that that that that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your your your your your your your your your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is is is is is is is is is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So So So So So So So So So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our our our our our our our our our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All All All All All All All All All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on on on on on on on on on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one one one one one one one one one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you. So So So So So So So So So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join join join join join join join join join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag bag bag bag bag bag bag bag bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have have have have have have have have have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really really really really really really really really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need need need need need need need need need this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the the the the the the the the the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a a a a a a a a a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can can can can can can can can can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at at at at at at at at at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we we we we we we we we we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one one one one one one one one one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know know know know know know know know know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out out out out out out out out out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since since since since since since since since since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living living living living living living living living living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to to to to to to to to to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my my my my my my my my my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age age age age age age age age age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first first first first first first first first first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up up up up up up up up up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different different different different different different different different different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of of of of of of of of of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me. No worries worries worries worries worries worries worries worries worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no no no no no no no no no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord and and and and and and and and and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be be be be be be be be be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following following following following following following following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you you you you you you you you you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new new new new new new new new new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / / / / / / / / / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together together together together together together together together together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So So So So So So So So So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so so so so so so so so so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to to to to to to to to to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March March March March March March March March March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because because because because because because because because because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was was was was was was was was was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for for for for for for for for for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by by by by by by by by by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you you you you you you you you you very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test test test test test test test test test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front front front front front front front front front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for for for for for for for for for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give give give give give give give give give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well well well well well well well well well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are are are are are are are are are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room room room room room room room room room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your your your your your your your your your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that that that that that that that that that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come come come come come come come come come from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and and and and and and and and and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working working working working working working working working working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in in in in in in in in in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us us us us us us us us us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is is is is is is is is is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to to to to to to to to to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use use use use use use use use use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was was was was was was was was was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a a a a a a a a a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the the the the the the the the the dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the the the the the the the the the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the the the the the the the the the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But But But But But But But But But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over over over over over over over over over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for for for for for for for for for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is is is is is is is is is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so so so so so so so so so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have have have have have have have have have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an an an an an an an an an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I I I I I I I I I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it it it it it it it it it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always always always always always always always always always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men men men men men men men men men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of of of of of of of of of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men men men men men men men men men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the the the the the the the the the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been been been been been been been been been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to to to to to to to to to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you you you you you you you you you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did did did did did did did did did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means means means means means means means means means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on on on on on on on on on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this this this this this this this this this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of of of of of of of of of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best best best best best best best best best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get get get get get get get get get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an an an an an an an an an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here here here here here here here here here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is is is is is is is is is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in in in in in in in in in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row row row row row row row row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just just just just just just just just just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast. So So So So So So So So So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want want want want want want want want want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So So So So So So So So So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a a a a a a a a a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can can can can can can can can can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post post post post post post post post post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but but but but but but but but but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the the the the the the the the the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you you you you you you you you you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get get get get get get get get get your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over over over over over over over over over a couple different options you have and then let you know what I do do do do do do do do do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a a a a a a a a a bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did did did did did did did did did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a a a a a a a a a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or or or or or or or or or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our our our our our our our our our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record record record record record record record record record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and and and and and and and and and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click click click click click click click click click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these these these these these these these these these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written written written written written written written written written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off off off off off off off off off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show show show show show show show show show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to to to to to to to to to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Notre Notre Notre Notre Notre Notre Notre Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this this this this this this this this this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get get get get get get get get get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on on on on on on on on on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place place place place place place place place place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because because because because because because because because because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a a a a a a a a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So So So So So So So So So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We We We We We We We We We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is is is is is is is is is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and and and and and I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a a a a a a a a a statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's an open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and and and and and and and and and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we we we we we we we we we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we we we we we we we we we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We We We We We We We We We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after after after after after after after after after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under under under under under under under under under a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went went went went went went went went went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went went went went went went went went went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you you you you you you you you you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never never never never never never never never never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I I I I I I I I I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I I I I I I I I I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an an an an an an an an an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this this this this this this this this this episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do do do do do do do do do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about about about about about about about about about to go live with him right now. And this is what you're going going going going going going going going going to be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to to to to to to to to to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to to to to to to to to to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up up up up up up up up up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So So So So So So So So So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the the the the the the the the the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know know know know know know know know know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a a a a a a a a a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one one one one one one one one one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident resident resident resident resident resident resident resident resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things things things things things things things things things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the the the the the the the the the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have have have have have have have have have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into into into into into into into into into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this this this this this this this this this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I I I I I I I I I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is is is is is is is is is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our our our our our our our our our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about about about about about about about about about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as as as as as as as as as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security security security security security security security security security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to to to to to to to to to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look look look look look look look look look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and and and and and and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises Rises Rises Rises Rises Rises Rises Rises Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down down down down down down down down down on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours tours tours tours tours tours tours tours tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I I I I I I I I I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these these these these these these these these these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business business business business business business business business business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your your your your your your your your your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to share today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a a a a a a a a a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on a variety of of of of of of of of of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does does does does does does does does does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and and and and and and and and and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I I I I I I I I I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called catch open open open open open open open open open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, what what what what what what what what what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up up up up up up up up up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few few few few few few few few few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this this this this this this this this this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we we we we we we we we we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with with with with with with with with with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new new new new new new new new new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going to to to to to to to to to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think think think think think think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of of of of of of of of of the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your your your your your your your your your boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got got got got got got got got got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into into into into into into into into into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So So So So So So So So So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little little little little little little little little little Daniel. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the the the the the the the the the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me me me me me me me me me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going going going going going going going going going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and and and and and and and and and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house house house house house house house house house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because because because because because because because because because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where where where where where where where where where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six six six six six six six six six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I I I I I I I I I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and and and and and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This This This This This This This This This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is is is is is is is is is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to to to to to to to to to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always always always always always always always always always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really really really really really really really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other other other other other other other other other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a a a a a a a a a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life life life life life life life life life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you you you you you you you you you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So So So So So So So So So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is is is is is is is is is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described described described described described described described described described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And And And And And And And And And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month month month month month month month month month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it it it it it it it it it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the the the the the the the the the best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and and and and and and and and and you think about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great great great great great great great great great speeches that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being being being being being being being being being sworn into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his his his his his his his his his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to to to to to to to to to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to to to to to to to to to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also also also also also also also also also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them them them them them them them them them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She She She She She She She She She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive executive executive executive executive executive executive executive executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is is is is is is is is is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here here here here here here here here here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are are are are are are are are are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your your your your your your your your your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first first first first first first first first first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and and and and and and and and and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in in in in in in in in in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of of of of of of of of of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what what what what what what what what what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have have have have have have have have have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with with with with with with with with with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a a a a a a a a a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? this this this this this this this this How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like like like like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So So So So So So So So So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had had had had had had had had had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to to to to to to to to to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just just just just just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available available available available available available available available available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if if if if if if if if if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out out out out out out out out out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this this this this this this this this this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I I I I I I I I I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you you you you you you you you you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on on on on on on on on on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to to to to to to to to to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those those those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the the the the the the the the the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the the the the the the the the the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my my my my my my my my my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for for for for for for for for for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much much much much much much much much much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So So So So So So So So So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have have have have have have have have have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my my my my my my my my my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to to to to to to to to to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along along along along along along along along along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in in in in in in in in in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right right right right right right right right right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see see see see see see see see see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up up up up up up up up up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and and and and and and and and and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play play play play play play play play play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the the the the the the the the the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this this this this this this this this this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you you you you you you you you you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to to to to to to to to to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on this this this this this this this this this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your your your your your your your your your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that that that that that that that that that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other other other other other other other other other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the the the the the the the the the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those those those those those those those those those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for for for for for for for for for you to come with us in other words because we're not going with with with with with with with with with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your your your your your your your your your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia Alia Alia Alia Alia Alia Alia Alia Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an an an an an an an an an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know know know know know know know know know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a a a a a a a a a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be be be be be be be be be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head head head head head head head head head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been been been been been been been been been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would would would would would would would would would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did did did did did did did did did feel good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and and and and and and and and and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is is is is is is is is is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an an an an an an an an an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my my my my my my my my my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a a a a a a a a a heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have have have have have have have have have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that that that that that that that that that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America America America America America America America America America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to to to to to to to to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she she she she she she she she she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of of of of of of of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with with with with with with with with with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew Anew Anew Anew Anew Anew Anew Anew Anew through each other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have have have have have have have have have a yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the the the the the the the the the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about about about about about about about about about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you you you you you you you you you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know know know know know know know know know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and and and and and and and and and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how how how how how how how how how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been been been been been been been been been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book book book book book book book book book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims claims claims claims claims claims claims claims claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be be be be be be be be be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But But But But But But But But But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This This This This This This This This This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call call call call call call call call call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on on on on on on on on on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going going going going going going going going going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out out out out out out out out out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I I I I I I I I I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before before before before before before before before before I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you you you you you you you you you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of of of of of of of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the the the the the the the the the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with with with with with with with with with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately separately separately separately separately separately separately separately separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to to to to to to to to to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab joab joab joab joab joab joab joab joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are are are are are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a a a a a a a a a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for for for for for for for for for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on on on on on on on on on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that that that that that that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link Link Link Link Link Link Link Link Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that that that that that that that that that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get get get get get get get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the the the the the the the the the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any any any any any any any any any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I I I I I I I I I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check check check check check check check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our our our our our our our our our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to to to to to to to to to Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair chair chair chair chair chair chair chair chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with with with with with with with with with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also also also also also also also also also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with with with with with with with with with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So So So So So So So So So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them them them them them them them them them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - - - - - - - - - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character character character character character character character character character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because because because because because because because because because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those into into into into into into into into into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali are are are are are are are are are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing doing this podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of of of of of of of of of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on on on on on on on on on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on on on on on on on on on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and and and and and and and and and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to to to to to to to to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is is is is is is is is is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior junior junior junior junior junior junior junior junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series series series series series series series series series of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and and and and and and and and and also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit cebit cebit cebit cebit cebit cebit cebit cebit my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I I I I I I I I I mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there there there there there there there there there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it it it it it it it it it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page page page page page page page page page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know know know know know know know know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text text text text text text text text text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little little little little little little little little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the the the the the the the the the best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download download download download download download download download download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it it it it it it it it it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to to to to to to to to to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with with with with with with with with with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to to to to to to to to to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our our our our our our our our our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how how how how how how how how how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your your your your your your your your your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You You You You You You You You You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so so so so so so so so so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it it it it it it it it it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I I I I I I I I I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's Logan's Logan's Logan's Logan's Logan's Logan's Logan's Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of of of of of of of of of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we went went went went went went went went went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either either either either either either either either either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know know know know know know know know know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to to to to to to to to to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you you you you you you you you you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of of of of of of of of of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know know know know know know know know know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a Brielle. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a a a a a a a a a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what what what what what what what what what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love love love love love love love love love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production production production production production production production production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get get get get get get get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the the the the the the the the the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there there there there there there there there there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of of of of of of of of of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know know know know know know know know know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on on on on on on on on on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check check check check check check check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like like like like like like like like like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real real real real real real real real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one one one one one one one one one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and and and and and and and and and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the the the the the the the the the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until until until until until until until until until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going going going going going going going going going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are are are are are are are are are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open open open open open open open open open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again again again again again again again again again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against against against against against against against against against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here here here here here here here here here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to to to to to to to to to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All All All All All All All All All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when when when when when when when when when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this this this this this this this this this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and and and and and and and and and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just just just just just just just just just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us us us us us us us us us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So So So So So So So So So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it it it it it it it it it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to to to to to to to to to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me me me me me me me me me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She She She She She She She She She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know know know know know know know know know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your your your your your your your your your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about about about about about about about about about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New New New New New New New New New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will will will will will will will will will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me me me me me me me me me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world world world world world world world world world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as as as as as as as as as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have have have have have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If If If If If If If If If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you you you you you you you you you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red red red red red red red red red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated automated automated automated automated automated automated automated automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back back back back back back back back back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or or or or or or or or or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going going going going going going going going going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find find find find find find find find find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was was was was was was was was was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office office office office office office office office office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What What What What What What What What What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had had had had had had had had had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just just just just just just just just just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is the the the the the the the the the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know know know know know know know know know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more more more more more more more more more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of of of of of of of of of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at at at at at at at at at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is is is is is is is is is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is is is is is is is is is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as as as as as as as as as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our our our our our our our our our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with with with with with with with with with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first first first first first first first first first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me me me me me me me me me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do do do do do do do do do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And And And And And And And And And this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with with with with with with with with with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with with with with with with with with with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want want want want want want want want want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I I I I I I I I I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of of of of of of of of of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got got got got got got got got got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to to to to to to to to to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can can can can can can can can can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for for for for for for for for for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find find find find find find find find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good good good good good good good good good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already already already already already already already already already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully peacefully peacefully peacefully peacefully peacefully peacefully peacefully peacefully Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The The The The The The The The The summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the the the the the the the the the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week week week week week week week week week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the the the the the the the the the things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those those those those those those those those those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get get get get get get get get get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the the the the the the the the the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international international international international international international international international international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to to to to to to to to to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will will will will will will will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with with with with with with with with with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and and and and and and and and and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They They They They They They They They They say wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the the the the the the the the the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you you you you you you you you you and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of of of of of of of of of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this this this this this this this this this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a a a a a a a a a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we we we we we we we we we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it it it it it it it it it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here here here here here here here here here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So So So So So So So So So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and and and and and and and and and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about about about about about about about about about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think think think think think think think think think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really really really really really really really really really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the the the the the the the the the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade grade grade grade grade grade grade grade grade 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, we've currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got got got got got got got got got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article article article article article article article article article samcro. To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band band band band band band band band band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons melons melons melons melons melons melons melons melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but but but but but but but but but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I I I I I I I I I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where where where where where where where where where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of of of of of of of of of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the the the the the the the the the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to work anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video cuz I I I I I I I I I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did did did did did did did did did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you you you you you you you you you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no no no no no no no no no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil devil devil devil devil devil devil devil devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head head head head head head head head head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from from from from from from from from from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with with with with with with with with with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that that that that that that that that that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is is is is is is is is is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been given given given given given given given given given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall shall shall shall shall shall shall shall shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all all all all all all all all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will will will will will will will will will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long long long long long long long long long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To To To To To To To To To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through through through through through through through through through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make make make make make make make make make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im im im im im im im im im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today today today today today today today today today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So So So So So So So So So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of of of of of of of of of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This This This This This This This This This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things things things things things things things things things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of of of of of of of of of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go go go go go go go go go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I I I I I I I I I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please please please please please please please please please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by by by by by by by by by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to to to to to to to to to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than than than than than than than than than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they they they they they they they they they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So So So So So So So So So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your your your your your your your your your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and and and and and and and and and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so so so so so so so so so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they they they they they they they they they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can can can can can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really really really really really really really really really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and and and and and and and and and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to to to to to to to to to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the most dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the the the the the the the the the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself his his his his his his his his his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good good good good good good good good good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back back back back back back back back back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I I I I I I I I I try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are are are are are are are are are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you you you you you you you you you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs legs legs legs legs legs legs legs legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as as as as as as as as as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am am am am am am am am am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? today today today today today today today today And we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So So So So So So So So So kale. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your your your your your your your your your Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a a a a a a a a a long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with with with with with with with with with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and and and and and and and and and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with with with with with with with with with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a a a a a a a a a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if if if if if if if if if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I I I I I I I I I was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of of of of of of of of of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the the the the the the the the the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other other other other other other other other other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I I I I I I I I I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in in in in in in in in in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the the the the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is is is is is is is is is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision not not not not not not not not not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to to to to to to to to to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in in in in in in in in in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a a a a a a a a a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the the the the the the the the the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of of of of of of of of of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the the the the the the the the the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US US US US US US US US US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were were were were were were were were were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was was was was was was was was was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and and and and and and and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the the the the the the the the the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something something something something something something something something something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So So So So So So So So So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free free free free free free free free free anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and and and and and and and and and Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out out out out out out out out out there that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. So what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up up up up up up up up up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be be be be be be be be be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father father father father father father father father father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him him him him him him him him him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else else else else else else else else else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the the the the the the the the the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father father father father father father father father father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would would would would would would would would would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your your your your your your your your your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might might might might might might might might might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one one one one one one one one one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American American American American American American American American American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my my my my my my my my my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night night night night night night night night night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I I I I I I I I I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you you you you you you you you you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in in in in in in in in in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an an an an an an an an an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I I I I I I I I I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not not not not not not not not not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the the the the the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I I I I I I I I I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also also also also also also also also also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the the the the the the the the the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you you you you you you you you you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look look look look look look look look look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real real real real real real real real real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I I I I I I I I I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last last last last last last last last last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you you you you you you you you you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in in in in in in in in in 1996 week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in in in in in in in in in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right right right right right right right right right here every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get get get get get get get get get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division division division division division division division division division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division division division division division division division division division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel diesel diesel diesel diesel diesel diesel diesel diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the the the the the the the the the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the the the the the the the the the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this this this this this this this this this word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is is is is is is is is is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it it it it it it it it it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the the the the the the the the the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism communism communism communism communism communism communism communism communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to to to to to to to to to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names names names names names names names names names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name name name name name name name name name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back back back back back back back back back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket. As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or or or or or or or or or prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after after after after after after after after after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and and and and and and and and and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a a a a a a a a a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for us later on our our our our our our our our our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have have have have have have have have have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid fluid fluid fluid fluid fluid fluid fluid fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your your your your your your your your your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for for for for for for for for for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into into into into into into into into into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question question question question question question question question question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let let let let let let let let let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We We We We We We We We We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are are are are are are are are are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or or or or or or or or or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make make make make make make make make make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and and and and and and and and and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no no no no no no no no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out out out out out out out out out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the the the the the the the the the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one one one one one one one one one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather rather rather rather rather rather rather rather rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the the the the the the the the the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right right right right right right right right right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you you you you you you you you you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it it it it it it it it it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so taboo? taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came came came came came came came came came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that that that that that that that that that the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were were were were were were were were were born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the the the the the the the the the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I I I I I I I I I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a a a a a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living living living living living living living living living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if if if if if if if if if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through through through through through through through through through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone hormone hormone hormone hormone hormone hormone hormone hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert convert convert convert convert convert convert convert convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can can can can can can can can can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a a a a a a a a a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This This This This This This This This This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on on on on on on on on on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there there there there there there there there there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty spotty spotty spotty spotty spotty spotty spotty spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on on on on on on on on on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at at at at at at at at at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of of of of of of of of of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the the the the the the the the the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be be be be be be be be be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market market market market market market market market market expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It It It It It It It It It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by by by by by by by by by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the the the the the the the the the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew stew stew stew stew stew stew stew stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the the the the the the the the the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but but but but but but but but but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on on on on on on on on on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not not not not not not not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then then then then then then then then then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host host host host host host host host host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here here here here here here here here here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the the the the the the the the the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did did did did did did did did did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up up up up up up up up up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going going going going going going going going going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in in in in in in in in in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of of of of of of of of of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it it it it it it it it it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a a a a a a a a a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something something something something something something something something something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made made made made made made made made made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child child child child child child child child child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features features features features features features features features features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been been been been been been been been been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and and and and and and and and and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued valued valued valued valued valued valued valued valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I I I I I I I I I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First First First First First First First First First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I I I I I I I I I like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also also also also also also also also also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and and and and and and and and and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little little little little little little little little little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old old old old old old old old old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family family family family family family family family family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year year year year year year year year year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name name name name name name name name name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we run run run run run run run run run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have have have have have have have have have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are are are are are are are are are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if if if if if if if if if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the the the the the the the the the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? story story story story story story story story I will start with my first two because these are the these are the the the the the the the the the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three three three three three three three three three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home home home home home home home home home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this this this this this this this this this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have have have have have have have have have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send send send send send send send send send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do do do do do do do do do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in in in in in in in in in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if if if if if if if if if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of of of of of of of of of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way way way way way way way way way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right right right right right right right right right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near near near near near near near near near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is is is is is is is is is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little little little little little little little little little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you you you you you you you you you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who who who who who who who who who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father father father father father father father father father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have have have have have have have have have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became became became became became became became became became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not not not not not not not not not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in in in in in in in in in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to to to to to to to to to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had had had had had had had had had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore God God God God God God God God God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where where where where where where where where where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the the the the the the the the the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in in in in in in in in in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously famously famously famously famously famously famously famously famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has has has has has has has has has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot plot plot plot plot plot plot plot plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that that that that that that that that that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the the the the the the the the the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to to to to to to to to to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to to to to to to to to to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the the the the the the the the the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have have have have have have have have have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been been been been been been been been been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good good good good good good good good good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I think I I I I I I I I I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's me me me me me me me me me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings musings musings musings musings musings musings musings musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have have have have have have have have have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a a a a a a a a a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back back back back back back back back back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another another another another another another another another another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to to to to to to to to to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like like like like like like like like like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people people people people people people people people people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things things things things things things things things things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send send send send send send send send send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any any any any any any any any any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to to to to to to to to to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way way way way way way way way way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are are are are are are are are are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to to to to to to to to to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the the the the the the the the the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software software software software software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to to to to to to to to to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be be be be be be be be be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want want want want want want want want want to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is is is is is is is is is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so so so so so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you you you you you you you you you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and and and and and and and and and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You You You You You You You You You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to to to to to to to to to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built built built built built built built built built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know know know know know know know know know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to to to to to to to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you you you you you you you you you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every every every every every every every every every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that that that that that that that that that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every every every every every every every every every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this this this this this this this this this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American American American American American American American American American money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I I I I I I I I I thought this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a a a a a a a a a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be be be be be be be be be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we we we we we we we we we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the the the the the the the the the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as as as as as as as as as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a a a a a a a a a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that that that that that that that that that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going going going going going going going going going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of of of of of of of of of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there there there there there there there there there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than than than than than than than than than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live this this this this this this this this this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we we we we we we we we we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us us us us us us us us us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see see see see see see see see see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with with with with with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried cried cried cried cried cried cried cried cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know know know know know know know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we we we we we we we we we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on on on on on on on on on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and and and and and and and and and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for for for for for for for for for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your your your your your your your your your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that that that that that that that that that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find find find find find find find find find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out out out out out out out out out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always always always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And And And And And And And And And why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school school school school school school school school school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to to to to to to to to to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a a a a a a a a a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were were were were were were were were were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were were were were were were were were were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you you you you you you you you you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that that that that that that that that that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may may may may may may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within within within within within within within within within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another another another another another another another another another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since since since since since since since since since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last last last last last last last last last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you you you you you you you you you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a a a a a a a a a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all all all all all all all all all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to to to to to to to to to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a a a a a a a a a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you you you you you you you you you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision decision decision decision decision decision decision decision decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get get get get get get get get get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do do do do do do do do do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with with with with with with with with with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an an an an an an an an an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What What What What What What What What What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it it it it it it it it it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the the the the the the the the the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was was was was was was was was was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped right now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we we we we we we we we we have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played played played played played played played played played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and and and and and and and and and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a a a a a a a a a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and and and and and and and and and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On On On On On On On On On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one one one one one one one one one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just want want want want want want want want want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was was was was was was was was was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is which which which which which which which which which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like what in the the the the the the the the the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot of people people people people people people people people people kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look compared compared compared compared compared compared compared compared compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of of of of of of of of of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week week week week week week week week week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to to to to to to to to to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to to to to to to to to to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also also also also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to to to to to to to to to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going going going going going going going going going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be be be be be be be be be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your your your your your your your your your sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you you you you you you you you you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or or or or or or or or or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a a a a a a a a a chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once once once once once once once once once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want want want want want want want want want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top top top top top top top top top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after after after after after after after after after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of of of of of of of of of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real real real real real real real real real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I I I I I I I I I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that that that that that that that that that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This This This This This This This This This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today today today today today today today today today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great great great great great great great great great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her Her Her Her Her Her Her Her Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also also also also also also also also also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my my my my my my my my my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to to to to to to to to to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real real real real real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always always always always always always always always always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for for for for for for for for for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what what what what what what what what what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So So So So So So So So So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why why why why why why why why why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps us us us us us us us us us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you you you you you you you you I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been been been been been been been been been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we we we we we we we we we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your your your your your your your your your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this this this this this this this this this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this this this this this this this this this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after after after after after after after after after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works works works works works works works works works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this this this this this this this this this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it it it it it it it it it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top top top top top top top top top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much much much much much much much much much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you you you you you you you you you had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook hook hook hook hook hook hook hook hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to to to to to to to to to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short short short short short short short short short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written written written written written written written written written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom truthcom. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can can can can can can can can can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how how how how how how how how how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is is is is is is is is is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to to to to to to to to to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get get get get get get get get get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on on on on on on on on on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a a a a a a a a a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we we we we we we we we we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little little little little little little little little little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like like like like like like like like like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this this this this this this this this this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world world world world world world world world world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a a a a a a a a a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is is is is is is is is is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give give give give give give give give give you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at at at at at at at at at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on on on on on on on on on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an an an an an an an an an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt Holt Holt Holt Holt Holt Holt Holt Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for me me me me me me me me me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has has has has has has has has has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any any any any any any any any any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of of of of of of of of of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that that that that that that that that that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of of of of of of of of of your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who who who who who who who who who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and and and and and and and and and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of of of of of of of of of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live live live live live live live live live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said said said said said said said said said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important important important important important important important important important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We We We We We We We We We need to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if if if if if if if if if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something something something something something something something something something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I I I I I I I I I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that that that that that that that that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed stiffed stiffed stiffed stiffed stiffed stiffed stiffed stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few few few few few few few few few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in in in in in in in in in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the the the the the the the the the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said said said said said said said said said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when when when when when when when when when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we we we we we we we we we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a a a a a a a a a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of of of of of of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and and and and and and and and and I will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de de de de de de de de de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life life life life life life life life life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going going going going going going going going going to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the the the the the the the the the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are are are are are are are are are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create create create create create create create create create this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect protect protect protect protect protect protect protect protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week week week week week week week week week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the the the the the the the the the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had had had had had had had had had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock in in in in in in in in in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them them them them them them them them them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man man man man man man man man man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down down down down down down down down down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the the the the the the the the the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then then then then then then then then then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are are are are are are are are are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little cafe cafe cafe cafe cafe cafe cafe cafe cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self self self self self self self self self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time time time time time time time time time out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University University University University University University University University University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the the the the the the the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free free free free free free free free free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or or or or or or or or or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and and and and and and and and and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So So So So So So So So So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just just just just just just just just just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an an an an an an an an an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your your your your your your your your your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book book book book book book book book book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make make make make make make make make make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the the the the the the the the the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and and and and and and and and and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time time time time time time time time time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part part part part part part part part part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more more more more more more more more more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more more more more more more more more more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my my my my my my my my my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I I I I I I I I I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in in in in in in in in in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is is is is is is is is is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our our our our our our our our our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to to to to to to to to to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the the the the the the the the the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has has has has has has has has has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a a a a a a a a a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have have have have have have have have have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper and join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after after after after after after after after after an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here here here here here here here here here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but but but but but but but but but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the the the the the the the the the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at at at at at at at at at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night night night night night night night night night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job job job job job job job job job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about about about about about about about about about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been been been been been been been been been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can can can can can can can can can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness. And And And And And And And And And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of of of of of of of of of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go go go go go go go go go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think think think think think think think think think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will will will will will will will will will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and and and and and and and and and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and and and and and and and and and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to to to to to to to to to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get get get get get get get get get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our our our our our our our our our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with with with with with with with with with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one one one one one one one one one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know know know know know know know know know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but but but but but but but but but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need need need need need need need need need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so so so so so so so so so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let let let let let let let let let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about about about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There There There There There There There There There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You You You You You You You You You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today today today today today today today today today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go go go go go go go go go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that that that that that that that that that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time time time time time time time time time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for for for for for for for for for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music music music music music music music music music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music music music music music music music music music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the the the the the the the the the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and and and and and and and and and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today today today today today today today today today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now now now now now now now now now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to the galley galley galley galley galley galley galley galley galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been a while while while while while while while while while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back. Thank you guys for for for for for for for for for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and don't forget to And And And And And And And And And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would would would would would would would would would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we we we we we we we we we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there that you are are are are are are are are are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It It It It It It It It It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with with with with with with with with with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of of of of of of of of of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and and and and and and and and and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first first first first first first first first first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So So So So So So So So So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you you you you you you you you you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the the the the the the the the the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it it it it it it it it it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been been been been been been been been been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a a a a a a a a a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had had had had had had had had had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do do do do do do do do do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when when when when when when when when when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of of of of of of of of of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an an an an an an an an an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of of of of of of of of of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your your your your your your your your your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love love love love love love love love love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at at at at at at at at at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the the the the the the the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our our our our our our our our our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York York York York York York York York York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called called called called called called called called called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two two two two two two two two two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and and and and and and and and and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And And And And And And And And And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you you you you you you you you you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like like like like like like like like like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And And And And And And And And And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I I I I I I I I I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think think think think think think think think think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of of of of of of of of of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season season season season season season season season season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
