Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different different different different different different different different different different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of of of of of of of of of of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the the the the the the the the the the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real real real real real real real real real real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do do do do do do do do do do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the the the the the the the the the the man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I I I I I I I I I I know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the the the the the the the the the the Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is is is is is is is is is is correct. So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the the the the the the the the the the middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I I I I I I I I I I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to to to to to to to to to to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a a a a a a a a a a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view view view view view view view view view view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on on on on on on on on on on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few few few few few few few few few few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April April April April April April April April April April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games games games games games games games games games games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would would would would would would would would would would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would would would would would would would would would would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old old old old old old old old old old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the the the the the the the the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some some some some some some some some some some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little little little little little little little little little little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this this this this this this this this this this episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call call call call call call call call call call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we we we we we we we we we we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a a a a a a a a a a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us us us us us us us us us us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and and and and and and and and and and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before before before before before before before before before before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think think think think think think think think think think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to to to to to to to to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a a a a a a a a a a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper proper proper proper proper proper proper proper proper proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good good good good good good good good good good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start start start start start start start start start start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like like like like like like like like like like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on on on on on on on on on on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, go go go go go go go go go go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is is is is is is is is is is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at at at at at at at at at at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating beating beating beating beating beating beating beating beating beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in in in in in in in in in in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start start start start start start start start start start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we we we we we we we we we we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on on on on on on on on on on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was was was was was was was was was was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt melt melt melt melt melt melt melt melt melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the the the the the the the the the the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface surface surface surface surface surface surface surface surface surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this this this this this this this this this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a a a a a a a a a a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are are are are are are are are are are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and and and and and and and and and and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where where where where where where where where where where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of of of of of of of of of of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the the the the the the the the the the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years years years years years years years years years years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go go go go go go go go go go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of of of of of of of of of of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life life life life life life life life life life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I I I I I I I I I I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was was was was was was was was was was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and and and and and and and and and and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better better better better better better better better better better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more more more more more more more more more more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next Next Next Next Next Next Next Next Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may may may may may may may may may may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total total total total total total total total total total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the the the the the the the the the the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with with with with with with with with with with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series series series series series series series series series series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and and and and and and and and and and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end end end end end end end end end end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you you you you you you you you you you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your your your your your your your your your your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and and and and and and and and and and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get get get get get get get get get get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I I I I I I I I I I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are are are are are are are are are are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person person person person person person person person person person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like like like like like like like like like like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app app app app app app app app app app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need need need need need need need need need need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can can can can can can can can can can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only only only only only only only only only only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your your your your your your your your your your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only only only only only only only only only only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime lime lime lime lime lime lime lime lime lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not not not not not not not not not not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a a a a a a a a a a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love love love love love love love love love love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see see see see see see see see see see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some some some some some some some some some some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a a a a a a a a a a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free free free free free free free free free free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You You You You You You You You You You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at at at at at at at at at at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it it it it it it it it it it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got got got got got got got got got got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time time time time time time time time time time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of of of of of of of of of of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week week week week week week week week week week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was was was was was was was was was was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she she she she she she she she she she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case case case case case case case case case case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like like like like like like like like like like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story story story story story story story story story story because It's part of it is like the visual is at least least least least least least least least least least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to to to to to to to to to to tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March March March March March March March March March March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in in in in in in in in in in video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around around around around around around around around around around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As As As As As As As As As As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the the the the the the the the the the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out out out out out out out out out out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase chase chase chase chase chase chase chase chase chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as as as as as as as as as as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of of of of of of of of of of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him him him him him him him him him him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you you you you you you you you you you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities cities cities cities cities cities cities cities cities cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words words words words words words words words words words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you you you you you you you you you you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really really really really really really really really really really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get get get get get get get get get get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We We We We We We We We We We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of of of of of of of of of of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for for for for for for for for for for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free free free free free free free free free free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that that that that that that that that that that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can can can can can can can can can can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app app app app app app app app app app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My My My My My My My My My My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more more more more more more more more more more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show show show show show show show show show show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But But But But But But But But But But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going going going going going going going going going going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first first first first first first first first first first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and and and and and and and and and and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back back back back back back back back back back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a a a a a a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what what what what what what what what what what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already already already already already already already already already already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on on on on on on on on on on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me me me me me me me me me me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your your your your your your your your your your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get get get get get get get get get get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to to to to to to to to to to take this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I I I I I I I I I I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through through through through through through through through through through my journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My My My My My My My My My My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into into into into into into into into into into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am am am am am am am am am am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has has has has has has has has has has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me me me me me me me me me me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she she she she she she she she she she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did did did did did did did did did did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to to to to to to to to to to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do do do do do do do do do do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we we we we we we we we we we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m m m m m m m m m m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you you you you you you you you you you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one one one one one one one one one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the the the the the the the the the the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were were were were were were were were were were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have have have have have have have have have have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the the the the the the the the the the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I I I I I I I I I I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back back back back back back back back back back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will will will will will will will will will will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my my my my my my my my my my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I I I I I I I I I I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I I I I I I I I I I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could could could could could could could could could could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we we we we we we we we we we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research research research research research research research research research research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live live live live live live live live live live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and and and and and and and and and and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we we we we we we we we we we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are are are are are are are are are are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry last last last last last last last last last last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go go go go go go go go go go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see see see see see see see see see see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as as as as as as as as as as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through through through through through through through through through through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question question question question question question question question question question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He He He He He He He He He He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was was was was was was was was was was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of of of of of of of of of of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a a a a a a a a a a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love love love love love love love love love love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U U U U U U U U U U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here here here here here here here here here here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of of of of of of of of of of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up up up up up up up up up up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my my my my my my my my my my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I I I I I I I I I I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real real real real real real real real real real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you you you you you you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account account account account account account account account account account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the the the the the the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no no no no no no no no no no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to to to to to to to to to to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your your your your your your your your your your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in in in in in in in in in in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that that that that that that that that that that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This This This This This This This This This This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of of of of of of of of of of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly properly properly properly properly properly properly properly properly properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all all all all all all all all all all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got got got got got got got got got got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the the the the the the the the the the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your your your your your your your your your your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old old old old old old old old old old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would would would would would would would would would would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to to to to to to to to to to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the the the the the the the the the the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one one one one one one one one one one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little little little little little little little little little little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I I I I I I I I I I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running running running running running running running running running running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on on on on on on on on on on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a a a a a a a a a a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am am am am am am am am am am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and and and and and and and and and and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and and and and and and and and and and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I I I I I I I I I I am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but but but but but but but but but but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put put put put put put put put put put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too too too too too too too too too too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a a a a a a a a a a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know know know know know know know know know know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my my my my my my my my my my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we we we we we we we we we we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create create create create create create create create create create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get get get get get get get get get get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be be be be be be be be be be a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all all all all all all all all all all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here here here here here here here here here here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and and and and and and and and and and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the the the the the the the the the the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be be be be be be be be be be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to to to to to to to to to to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do do do do do do do do do do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make make make make make make make make make make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start start start start start start start start start start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out out out out out out out out out out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of of of of of of of of of of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that that that that that that that that that that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a a a a a a a a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think think think think think think think think think think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I I I I I I I I I I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to to to to to to to to to to chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want want want want want want want want want want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What What What What What What What What What What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you you you you you you you you you you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about about about about about about about about about about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first first first first first first first first first first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being being being being being being being being being being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best best best best best best best best best best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best best best best best best best best best best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last last last last last last last last last last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years years years years years years years years years years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to to to to to to to to to to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So So So So So So So So So So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be be be be be be be be be be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the the the the the the the the the the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have have have have have have have have have have you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And And And And And And And And And And if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not not not not not not not not not not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many many many many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool spool spool spool spool spool spool spool spool spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To To To To To To To To To To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right right right right right right right right right right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did did did did did did did did did did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from from from from from from from from from from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to to to to to to to to to to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this this this this this this this this this this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old old old old old old old old old old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going going going going going going going going going going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to to to to to to to to to to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me me me me me me me me me me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and and and and and and and and and and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little little little little little little little little little little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on on on on on on on on on on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already already already already already already already already already already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you you you you you you you you you you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any any any any any any any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out out out out out out out out out out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who who who who who who who who who who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free free free free free free free free free free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these these these these these these these these these these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for for for for for for for for for for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back back back back back back back back back back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as we we we we we we we we we we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You You You You You You You You You You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and and and and and and and and and and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my my my my my my my my my my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in in in in in in in in in in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, which is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need need need need need need need need need need to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and and and and and and and and and and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could be be be be be be be be be be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back back back back back back back back back back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You You You You You You You You You You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I I I I I I I I I I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into into into into into into into into into into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to to to to to to to to to to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week week week week week week week week week week. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an an an an an an an an an an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the the the the the the the the the the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and and and and and and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and and and and and and and and and and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on on on on on on on on on on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best best best best best best best best best best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can can can can can can can can can can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been been been been been been been been been been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of of of of of of of of of of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for for for for for for for for for for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right right right right right right right right right right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All All All All All All All All All All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and and and and and and and and and and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my my my my my my my my my my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And And And And And And And And And And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me me me me me me me me me me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear wear wear wear wear wear wear wear wear wear that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a a a a a a a a a a lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your your your your your your your your your your dedication to traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You You You You You You You You You You covered the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch Watch Watch Watch Watch Watch Watch Watch Watch Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not not not not not not not not not not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what what what what what what what what what what is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the the the the the the the the the the all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being being being being being being being being being being 30 something years of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on on on on on on on on on on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down down down down down down down down down down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at at at at at at at at at at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our our our our our our our our our our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you you you you you you you you you you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today today today today today today today today today today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from from from from from from from from from from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this this this this this this this this this this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do do do do do do do do do do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get get get get get get get get get get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a a a a a a a a a a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you you you you you you you you you you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but but but but but but but but but but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get get get get get get get get get get into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how how how how how how how how how how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and and and and and and and and and and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who who who who who who who who who who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which which which which which which which which which which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it it it it it it it it it it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very very very very very very very very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front front front front front front front front front front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And And And And And And And And And And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the the the the the the the the the the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than than than than than than than than than than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The The The The The The The The The The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and and and and and and and and and and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going going going going going going going going going going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of of of of of of of of of of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way way way way way way way way way way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about about about about about about about about about about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am am am am am am am am am am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the the the the the the the the the the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what what what what what what what what what what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees guarantees you'll never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling fling fling fling fling fling fling fling fling fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do do do do do do do do do do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino casino casino casino casino casino casino casino casino casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They They They They They They They They They They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I I I I I I I I I I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get get get get get get get get get get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try try try try try try try try try try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power power power power power power power power power power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So So So So So So So So So So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and and and and and and and and and and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of of of of of of of of of of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common ones and and and and and and and and and and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might might might might might might might might might might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job job job job job job job job job job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did did did did did did did did did did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me me me me me me me me me me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year year year year year year year year year year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other other other other other other other other other other postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you you you you you you you you you you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being being being being being being being being being being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are are are are are are are are are are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the the the the the the the the the the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again again again again again again again again again again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to to to to to to to to to to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I I I I I I I I I I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other other other other other other other other other other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those those those those those those those those those those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very very very very very very very very very very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 Arjun made made made made made made made made made made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last last last last last last last last last last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, March March March March March March March March March March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So So So So So So So So So So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important important important important important important important important important important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be be be be be be be be be be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good good good good good good good good good good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get get get get get get get get get get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have have have have have have have have have have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really really really really really really really really really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love love love love love love love love love love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to to to to to to to to to to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host host host host host host host host host host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the the the the the the the the the the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health health health health health health health health health health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And And And And And And And And And And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at at at at at at at at at at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is is is is is is is is is is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the the the the the the the the the the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted to to to to to to to to to to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to to to to to to to to to to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you you you you you you you you you you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has has has has has has has has has has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been been been been been been been been been been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the the the the the the the the the the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be be be be be be be be be be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with with with with with with with with with with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a a a a a a a a a a wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them them them them them them them them them them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in in in in in in in in in in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global global global global global global global global global global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble marble marble marble marble marble marble marble marble marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the the the the the the the the the the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and and and and and and and and and and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had had had had had had had had had had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a a a a a a a a a a man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better better better better better better better better better better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and and and and and and and and and and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just just just just just just just just just just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as as as as as as as as as as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out out out out out out out out out out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You You You You You You You You You You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I I I I I I I I I I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go go go go go go go go go go out and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a a a a a a a a a a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show show show show show show show show show show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in in in in in in in in in in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right right right right right right right right right right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market market market market market market market market market market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that that that that that that that that that that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests tests tests tests tests tests tests tests tests tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television television television television television television television television television television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an an an an an an an an an an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might might might might might might might might might might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the the the the the the the the the the project now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of of of of of of of of of of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the the the the the the the the the the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television television television television television television television television television television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but it's really really really really really really really really really really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop for for for for for for for for for for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the the the the the the the the the the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was was was was was was was was was was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this this this this this this this this this this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it it it it it it it it it it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man man man man man man man man man man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get get get get get get get get get get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again again again again again again again again again again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and and and and and and and and and and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week week week week week week week week week week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had had had had had had had had had had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this this this this this this this this this this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week week week week week week week week week week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up up up up up up up up up up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March March March March March March March March March March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been been been been been been been been been been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the the the the the the the the the the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across across across across across across across across across across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? me me me me me me me me me But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three three three three three three three three three three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from from from from from from from from from from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the body body body body body body body body body body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a a a a a a a a a a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the spoon spoon spoon spoon spoon spoon spoon spoon spoon spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today is a a a a a a a a a a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to to to to to to to to to to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you you you you you you you you you you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each each each each each each each each each each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if if if if if if if if if if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that that that that that that that that that that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join join join join join join join join join join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have have have have have have have have have have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we we we we we we we we we we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us us us us us us us us us us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to to to to to to to to to to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations usually occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be be be be be be be be be be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone bone bone bone bone bone bone bone bone bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has has has has has has has has has has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up up up up up up up up up up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is is is is is is is is is is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And And And And And And And And And And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of of of of of of of of of of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have have have have have have have have have have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? this this this this this this this this this We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something something something something something something something something something something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and and and and and and and and and and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at at at at at at at at at at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a a a a a a a a a a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I I I I I I I I I I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the the the the the the the the the the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how how how how how how how how how how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a a a a a a a a a a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a a a a a a a a a a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of of of of of of of of of of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and and and and and and and and and and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called called called called called called called called called called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals gals gals gals gals gals gals gals gals gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can can can can can can can can can can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And And And And And And And And And And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what what what what what what what what what what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But But But But But But But But But But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I I I I I I I I I I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I I I I I I I I I I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process process process process process process process process process process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know know know know know know know know know know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you you you you you you you you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the the the the the the the the the the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about about about about about about about about about about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is is is is is is is is is is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by by by by by by by by by by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was was was was was was was was was was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished perished perished perished perished perished perished perished perished perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people people people people people people people people people people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service service service service service service service service service service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is is is is is is is is is is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August August August August August August August August August August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing clearing clearing clearing clearing clearing clearing clearing clearing clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and and and and and and and and and and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started started started started started started started started started started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own own own own own own own own own own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish finish finish finish finish finish finish finish finish finish. So if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code code code code code code code code code code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on on on on on on on on on on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you you you you you you you you you you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we we we we we we we we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find find find find find find find find find find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host host host host host host host host host host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week week week week week week week week week week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with with with with with with with with with with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but but but but but but but but but but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was was was was was was was was was was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that that that that that that that that that that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living living living living living living living living living living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that that that that that that that that that that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to to to to to to to to to to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no no no no no no no no no no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go go go go go go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received received received received received received received received received received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but but but but but but but but but but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a a a a a a a a a a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for for for for for for for for for for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art art art art art art art art art art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that that that that that that that that that that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you you you you you you you you you you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a a a a a a a a a a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name name name name name name name name name name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to to to to to to to to to to our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for for for for for for for for for for listening. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across across across across across across across across across across the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the the the the the the the the the the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of of of of of of of of of of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip. I I I I I I I I I I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have have have have have have have have have have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with with with with with with with with with with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my my my my my my my my my my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you you you you you you you you you you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for for for for for for for for for for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around around around around around around around around around around the world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host host host host host host host host host host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the the the the the the the the the the start of any number two. And before we get going we want to to to to to to to to to to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game game game game game game game game game game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of of of of of of of of of of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer framer framer framer framer framer framer framer framer framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our our our our our our our our our our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for for for for for for for for for for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in in in in in in in in in in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time time time time time time time time time time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even even even even even even even even even even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because because because because because because because because because because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small Small Small Small Small Small Small Small Small Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are are are are are are are are are are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run run run run run run run run run run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on on on on on on on on on on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you ever seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, This podcast is is is is is is is is is is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to to to to to to to to to to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some some some some some some some some some some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they they they they they they they they they they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that that that that that that that that that that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to to to to to to to to to to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us us us us us us us us us us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global global global global global global global global global global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host host host host host host host host host host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is is is is is is is is is is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I I I I I I I I I I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website website website website website website website website website website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight's heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all over America America America America America America America America America America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name name name name name name name name name name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time time time time time time time time time time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more more more more more more more more more more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do do do do do do do do do do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a a a a a a a a a a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on on on on on on on on on on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so so so so so so so so so so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you you you you you you you you you you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash smash smash smash smash smash smash smash smash smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the the the the the the the the the the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let let let let let let let let let let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about about about about about about about about about about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to to to to to to to to to to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our our our our our our our our our our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free free free free free free free free free free and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around around around around around around around around around around hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as as as as as as as as as as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as as as as as as as as as as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are are are are are are are are are are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your your your your your your your your your your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the the the the the the the the the the podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to to to to to to to to to to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little little little little little little little little little little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before before before before before before before before before before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he he he he he he he he he he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can can can can can can can can can can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they they they they they they they they they they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work work work work work work work work work work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one so so so so so so so so so so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on on on on on on on on on on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of of of of of of of of of of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one one one one one one one one one one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me me me me me me me me me me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So So So So So So So So So So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for for for for for for for for for for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social social social social social social social social social social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in in in in in in in in in in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score score score score score score score score score score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a a a a a a a a a a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a a a a a a a a a a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I I I I I I I I I I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card card card card card card card card card card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was was was was was was was was was was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head head head head head head head head head head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and and and and and and and and and and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even even even even even even even even even even go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We We We We We We We We We We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it it it it it it it it it it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into into into into into into into into into into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and and and and and and and and and and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each each each each each each each each each each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different different different different different different different different different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that that that that that that that that that that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us us us us us us us us us us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how how how how how how how how how how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And And And And And And And And And And I'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one one one one one one one one one one place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This This This This This This This This This This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if if if if if if if if if if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it it it it it it it it it it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in in in in in in in in in in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one one one one one one one one one one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me me me me me me me me me me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and and and and and and and and and and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get get get get get get get get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on on on on on on on on on on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about about about about about about about about about about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way way way way way way way way way way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its its its its its its its its its its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your your your your your your your your your your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people people people people people people people people people people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's not just just just just just just just just just just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have have have have have have have have have have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be be be be be be be be be be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get get get get get get get get get get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like like like like like like like like like like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did did did did did did did did did did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we we we we we we we we we we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So So So So So So So So So So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two two two two two two two two two two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are are are are are are are are are are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate mail mail mail mail mail mail mail mail mail mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your your your your your your your your your your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a a a a a a a a a a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get get get get get get get get get get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get get get get get get get get get get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised raised raised raised raised raised raised raised raised raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We We We We We We We We We We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you you you you you you you you you you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good good good good good good good good good good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the the the the the the the the the the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and and and and and and and and and and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a a a a a a a a a a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the the the the the the the the the the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special special special special special special special special special special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at at at at at at at at at at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of of of of of of of of of of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the the the the the the the the the the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going going going going going going going going going going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to to to to to to to to to to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you you you you you you you you you you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things things things things things things things things things things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want want want want want want want want want want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this this this this this this this this this this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last last last last last last last last last last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off off off off off off off off off off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that that that that that that that that that that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media media media media media media media media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 186 186 186 186 186 186 186 186 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on on on on on on on on on on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to to to to to to to to to to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most most most most most most most most most most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to to to to to to to to to to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a a a a a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to to to to to to to to to to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in in in in in in in in in in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know know know know know know know know know know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building building building building building building building building building building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens heavens heavens heavens heavens heavens heavens heavens heavens heavens for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if if if if if if if if if if indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are are are are are are are are are are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record record record record record record record record record record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free free free free free free free free free free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to to to to to to to to to to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will will will will will will will will will will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app app app app app app app app app app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to to to to to to to to to to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the the the the the the the the the the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we we we we we we we we we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review review review review review review review review review review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is is is is is is is is is is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a a a a a a a a a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page page page page page page page page page page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her her her her her her her her her her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when when when when when when when when when when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so so so so so so so so so so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are are are are are are are are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of of of of of of of of of of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who who who who who who who who who who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take take take take take take take take take take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the the the the the the the the the the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the the the the the the the the the the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for for for for for for for for for for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to to to to to to to to to to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are are are are are are are are are are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were were were were were were were were were were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I I I I I I I I I I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any any any any any any any any any any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be be be be be be be be be be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would would would would would would would would would would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of of of of of of of of of of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New York City myself and and and and and and and and and and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one of the the the the the the the the the the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to to to to to to to to to to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from from from from from from from from from from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to to to to to to to to to to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record record record record record record record record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have have have have have have have have have have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but but but but but but but but but but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I I I I I I I I I I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many many many many many many many many many many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night night night night night night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all all all all all all all all all all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and and and and and and and and and and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build build build build build build build build build build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John John John John John John John John John John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We We We We We We We We We We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with with with with with with with with with with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our our our our our our our our our our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end end end end end end end end end end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with with with with with with with with with with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for for for for for for for for for for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here here here here here here here here here here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people people people people people people people people people people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the the the the the the the the the the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say say say say say say say say say say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather weather weather weather weather weather weather weather weather weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and and and and and and and and and and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to to to to to to to to to to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the the the the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most most most most most most most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some some some some some some some some some some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation motivation motivation motivation motivation motivation motivation motivation motivation motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can can can can can can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a a a a a a a a a a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today today today today today today today today today today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and and and and and and and and and and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to to to to to to to to to to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things things things things things things things things things things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to to to to to to to to to to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people people people people people people people people people people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low low low low low low low low low low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a a a a a a a a a a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a a a a a a a a a a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because because because because because because because because because because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the The line line line line line line line line line line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who is going going going going going going going going going going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new new new new new new new new new new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you you you you you you you you you you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little little little little little little little little little little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the massively massively massively massively massively massively massively massively massively massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but but but but but but but but but but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that that that that that that that that that that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that that that that that that that that that that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really really really really really really really really really really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your your your your your your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need need need need need need need need need need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life life life life life life life life life life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you you you you you you you you you you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share share share share share share share share share share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your your your your your your your your your your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he he he he he he he he he he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about about about about about about about about about about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house house house house house house house house house house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take take take take take take take take take take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is is is is is is is is is is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing traversing traversing traversing traversing traversing traversing traversing traversing traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in in in in in in in in in in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I I I I I I I I I I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on on on on on on on on on on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I I I I I I I I I I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more more more more more more more more more more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this this this this this this this this this this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use use use use use use use use use use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the the the the the the the the the the Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how how how how how how how how how how small you are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second time time time time time time time time time time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get get get get get get get get get get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and and and and and and and and and and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we we we we we we we we we we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my my my my my my my my my my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap with with with with with with with with with with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my my my my my my my my my my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and and and and and and and and and and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true true true true true true true true true true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across across across across across across across across across across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how how how how how how how how how how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She She She She She She She She She She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came came came came came came came came came came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things things things things things things things things things things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, says, says, says, says, says, says, says, says, says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But But But But But But But But But But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going going going going going going going going going going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no no no no no no no no no no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's history's history's history's history's history's history's history's history's history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide homicide homicide homicide homicide homicide homicide homicide homicide homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the the the the the the the the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and and and and and and and and and and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the the the the the the the the the the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or or or or or or or or or or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the the the the the the the the the the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at at at at at at at at at at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about about about about about about about about about about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is is is is is is is is is is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is is is is is is is is is is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News News News News News News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of of of of of of of of of of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that that that that that that that that that that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that that that that that that that that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she she she she she she she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out out out out out out out out out out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states states states states states states states states states states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has has has has has has has has has has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her her her her her her her her her her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a a a a a a a a a a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to to to to to to to to to to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A A A A A A A A A A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is is is is is is is is is is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that that that that that that that that that that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I I I I I I I I I I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today today today today today today today today today today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host host host host host host host host host host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely barely barely barely barely barely barely barely barely barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there there there there there there there there there there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all all all all all all all all all all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is is is is is is is is is is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a a a a a a a a a a tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of of of of of of of of of of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as as as as as as as as as as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people people people people people people people people people people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However However However However However However However However However However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories memories memories memories memories memories memories memories memories memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It It It It It It It It It It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to to to to to to to to to to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build build build build build build build build build build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of of of of of of of of of of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of of of of of of of of of of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to to to to to to to to to to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the the the the the the the the the the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you in this this this this this this this this this this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and actually build build build build build build build build build build a real business now before we get into it, I should should should should should should should should should should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you you you you you you you you you you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results results results results results results results results results results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories calories calories calories calories calories calories calories calories calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is is is is is is is is is is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what what what what what what what what what what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up up up up up up up up up up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to to to to to to to to to to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word word word word word word word word word word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And And And And And And And And And And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like like like like like like like like like like this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you you you you you you you you you you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I I I I I I I I I I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list list list list list list list list list list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on on on on on on on on on on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with with with with with with with with with with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know know know know know know know know know know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always always always always always always always always always always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in in in in in in in in in in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was at at at at at at at at at at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on on on on on on on on on on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My My My My My My My My My My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and and and and and and and and and and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate associate associate associate associate associate associate associate associate associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If If If If If If If If If If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that that that that that that that that that that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for for for for for for for for for for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and and and and and and and and and and I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not not not not not not not not not not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected affected affected affected affected affected affected affected affected affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so so so so so so so so so so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here here here here here here here here here here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from from from from from from from from from from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for for for for for for for for for for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got got got got got got got got got got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because because because because because because because because because because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all all all all all all all all all all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or or or or or or or or or or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about about about about about about about about about about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to to to to to to to to to to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us us us us us us us us us us back to the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what what what what what what what what what what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the the the the the the the the the the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for for for for for for for for for for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According According According According According According According According According According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I I I I I I I I I I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I I I I I I I I I I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me me me me me me me me me me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a a a a a a a a a a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party party party party party party party party party party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And And And And And And And And And And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far far far far far far far far far far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I I I I I I I I I I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this one one one one one one one one one one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are are are are are are are are are are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this this this this this this this this this this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and listening to part part part part part part part part part part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information in part part part part part part part part part part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it's all like so so so so so so so so so so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part part part part part part part part part part 1 is all about her life as a young girl how she was parented parented parented parented parented parented parented parented parented parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it it it it it it it it it it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in in in in in in in in in in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and and and and and and and and and and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be be be be be be be be be be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re re re re re re re re re re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long long long long long long long long long long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now now now now now now now now now now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are are are are are are are are are are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the the the the the the the the the the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to to to to to to to to to to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because because because because because because because because because because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the the the the the the the the the the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is is is is is is is is is is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So So So So So So So So So So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of of of of of of of of of of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email here here here here here here here here here here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since since since since since since since since since since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at at at at at at at at at at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of of of of of of of of of of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text text text text text text text text text text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a a a a a a a a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is is is is is is is is is is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what what what what what what what what what what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a a a a a a a a a a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in in in in in in in in in in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to to to to to to to to to to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is is is is is is is is is is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know know know know know know know know know know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a a a a a a a a a a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it it it it it it it it it it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the the the the the the the the the the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only only only only only only only only only only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things like like like like like like like like like like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like like like like like like like like like like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form form form form form form form form form form of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it it it it it it it it it it by using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place and you can produce the the the the the the the the the the show right from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow anyone with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great great great great great great great great great great. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also also also also also also also also also also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money money money money money money money money money money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are are are are are are are are are are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money money money money money money money money money money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and and and and and and and and and and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you you you you you you you you you you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and and and and and and and and and and losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women women women women women women women women women women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all all all all all all all all all all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up to to to to to to to to to to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen after his his his his his his his his his his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke about the kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I I I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way way way way way way way way way way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a a a a a a a a a a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and and and and and and and and and and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and and and and and and and and and and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using using using using using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to to to to to to to to to to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before before before before before before before before before before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I I I I I I I I I I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without further further further further further further further further further further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of of of of of of of of of of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get get get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for for for for for for for for for for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is is is is is is is is is is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they they they they they they they they they they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with with with with with with with with with with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the the the the the the the the the the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and and and and and and and and and and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of of of of of of of of of of diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed speed speed speed speed speed speed speed speed speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call call call call call call call call call call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are are are are are are are are are are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say say say say say say say say say say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in in in in in in in in in in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without without without without without without without without without without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will will will will will will will will will will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they they they they they they they they they they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that that that that that that that that that that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high high high high high high high high high high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the end end end end end end end end end end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have have have have have have have have have have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of those Those students students students students students students students students students students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today today today today today today today today today today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the the the the the the the the the the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music music music music music music music music music music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with with with with with with with with with with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last last last last last last last last last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and and and and and and and and and and up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now now now now now now now now now now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The The The The The The The The The The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about about about about about about about about about about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to to to to to to to to to to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just just just just just just just just just just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session session session session session session session session session session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam cam cam cam cam cam cam cam cam cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We We We We We We We We We We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is is is is is is is is is is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that that that that that that that that that that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So So So So So So So So So So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and and and and and and and and and and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more more more more more more more more more more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from from from from from from from from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all all all all all all all all all all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to to to to to to to to to to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your your your your your your your your your your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who who who who who who who who who who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day day day day day day day day day day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there there there there there there there there there there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end end end end end end end end end end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other other other other other other other other other other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of of of of of of of of of of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like like like like like like like like like like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file file file file file file file file file file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to to to to to to to to to to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this this this this this this this this this this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is is is is is is is is is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just just just just just just just just just just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back back back back back back back back back back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to to to to to to to to to to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as as as as as as as as as as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to to to to to to to to to to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to to to to to to to to to to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I I I I I I I I I I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II II II II II II II II II II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only only only only only only only only only only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into some of the the the the the the the the the the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had to to to to to to to to to to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations where she did did did did did did did did did did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human human human human human human human human human human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business business business business business business business business business business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design design design design design design design design design design and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of of of of of of of of of of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in in in in in in in in in in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life life life life life life life life life life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use use use use use use use use use use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace pace pace pace pace pace pace pace pace pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old old old old old old old old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over over over over over over over over over over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San San San San San San San San San San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all all all all all all all all all all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began began began began began began began began began began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of of of of of of of of of of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means means means means means means means means means means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means means means means means means means means means means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the the the the the the the the the the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at at at at at at at at at at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last last last last last last last last last last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S S S S S S S S S S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the the the the the the the the the the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really really really really really really really really really really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do do do do do do do do do do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or or or or or or or or or or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to to to to to to to to to to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take take take take take take take take take take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it it it it it it it it it it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the the the the the the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to to to to to to to to to to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are are are are are are are are are are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an an an an an an an an an an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and and and and and and and and and and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to to to to to to to to to to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be be be be be be be be be be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want want want want want want want want want want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it it it it it it it it it it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those those those those those those those those those those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of of of of of of of of of of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many many many many many many many many many many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and and and and and and and and and and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in in in in in in in in in in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say say say say say say say say say say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but but but but but but but but but but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the the the the the the the the the the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to to to to to to to to to to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them them them them them them them them them them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to to to to to to to to to to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in in in in in in in in in in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to to to to to to to to to to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website website website website website website website website website website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started started started started started started started started started started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these these these these these these these these these these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Show Show Show Show Show Show Show Show Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and and and and and and and and and and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience audience audience audience audience audience audience audience audience audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is is is is is is is is is is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is is is is is is is is is is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of of of of of of of of of of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said said said said said said said said said said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got got got got got got got got got got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host host host host host host host host host host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I I I I I I I I I I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in in in in in in in in in in All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never never never never never never never never never never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is is is is is is is is is is happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My My My My My My My My My My name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know know know know know know know know know know what it is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My My My My My My My My My My panel I am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my my my my my my my my my my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I I I I I I I I I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a a a a a a a a a a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other other other other other other other other other other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back back back back back back back back back back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for for for for for for for for for for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to to to to to to to to to to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me me me me me me me me me me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises noises noises noises noises noises noises noises noises noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that that that that that that that that that that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set set set set set set set set set set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class class class class class class class class class class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series series series series series series series series series series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to to to to to to to to to to the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live live live live live live live live live live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well well well well well well well well well well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on on on on on on on on on on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall tall tall tall tall tall tall tall tall tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in in in in in in in in in in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it it it it it it it it it it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a a a a a a a a a a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a a a a a a a a a a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also also also also also also also also also also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done done done done done done done done done done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but but but but but but but but but but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time time time time time time time time time time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the the the the the the the the the the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a a a a a a a a a a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around around around around around around around around around around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you you you you you you you you you you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There There There There There There There There There There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you you you you you you you you you you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be be be be be be be be be be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we we we we we we we we we we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really really really really really really really really really really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to wake by by by by by by by by by by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night night night night night night night night night night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we we we we we we we we we we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no no no no no no no no no no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that that that that that that that that that that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with with with with with with with with with with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just just just just just just just just just just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to to to to to to to to to to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be be be be be be be be be be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my my my my my my my my my my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that that that that that that that that that that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as as as as as as as as as as we introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will will will will will will will will will will be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This This This This This This This This This This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the the the the the the the the the the podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what what what what what what what what what what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to to to to to to to to to to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use use use use use use use use use use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and and and and and and and and and and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was was was was was was was was was was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name name name name name name name name name name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I I I I I I I I I I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be be be be be be be be be be Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards mustards mustards mustards mustards mustards mustards mustards mustards mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for for for for for for for for for for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their their their their their their their their their their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us us us us us us us us us us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number number number number number number number number number number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that that that that that that that that that that is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to to to to to to to to to to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to to to to to to to to to to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So So So So So So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like like like like like like like like like like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up up up up up up up up up up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He He He He He He He He He He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what what what what what what what what what what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on on on on on on on on on on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the the the the the the the the the the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as as as as as as as as as as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as as as as as as as as as as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church church church church church church church church church church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I I I I I I I I I I welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is is is is is is is is is is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a a a a a a a a a a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a a a a a a a a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But But But But But But But But But But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not not not not not not not not not not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the the the the the the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without without without without without without without without without without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all all all all all all all all all all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to to to to to to to to to to pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have have have have have have have have have have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one one one one one one one one one one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years years years years years years years years years years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the the the the the the the the the the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or or or or or or or or or or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today today today today today today today today today today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for for for for for for for for for for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were were were were were were were were were were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in in in in in in in in in in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that that that that that that that that that that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in in in in in in in in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 94 94 94 94 94 94 94 94 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want want want want want want want want want want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week week week week week week week week week week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of of of of of of of of of of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to to to to to to to to to to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like like like like like like like like like like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we we we we we we we we we we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom. Subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we we we we we we we we we we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a a a a a a a a a a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the the the the the the the the the the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the the the the the the the the the the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to to to to to to to to to to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning. So So So So So So So So So So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of of of of of of of of of of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know I I I I I I I I I I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out about about about about about about about about about about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most most most most most most most most most most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like fractions of of of of of of of of of of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player player player player player player player player player player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the the the the the the the the the the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his his his his his his his his his his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun outrun outrun outrun outrun outrun outrun outrun outrun outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a a a a a a a a a a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the the the the the the the the the the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about about about about about about about about about about me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like like like like like like like like like like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know know know know know know know know know know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So So So So So So So So So So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because because because because because because because because because because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help help help help help help help help help help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in in in in in in in in in in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most most most most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the the the the the the the the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short short short short short short short short short short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like like like like like like like like like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can can can can can can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description description description description description description description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the the the the the the the the the the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we we we we we we we we we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you you you you you you you you you you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, story, story, story, story, story, story, story, story, story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four four four four four four four four four four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them them them them them them them them them them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more more more more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the the the the the the the the the the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is is is is is is is is is is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about about about about about about about about about about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the the the the the the the the the the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it it it it it it it it it it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good good good good good good good good good good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as as as as as as as as as as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to to to to to to to to to to inquire about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September September September September September September September September September September the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that that that that that that that that that that evening. There's our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up up up up up up up up up up to 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity charity charity charity charity charity charity charity charity charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I I I I I I I I I I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib nib nib nib nib nib nib nib nib nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal literal literal literal literal literal literal literal literal literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our our our our our our our our our our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so so so so so so so so so so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex complex complex complex complex complex complex complex complex complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the the the the the the the the the the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the the the the the the the the the the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? it it it it it it it it it I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we we we we we we we we we we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so so so so so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can can can can can can can can can can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it it it it it it it it it it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England England England England England England England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to to to to to to to to to to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and and and and and and and and and and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you you you you you you you you you you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to to to to to to to to to to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that that that that that that that that that that you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you you you you you you you you you you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of of of of of of of of of of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need need need need need need need need need need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is is is is is is is is is is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together together together together together together together together together together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she she she she she she she she she she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see see see see see see see see see see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and and and and and and and and and and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either either either either either either either either either either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my my my my my my my my my my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say say say say say say say say say say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the the the the the the the the the the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all all all all all all all all all all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is is is is is is is is is is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You You You You You You You You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out out out out out out out out out out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are are are are are are are are are are as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to to to to to to to to to to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to to to to to to to to to to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January January January January January January January January January January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come come come come come come come come come come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national national national national national national national national national national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school school school school school school school school school school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America America America America America America America America America America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student student student student student student student student student student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also also also also also also also also also also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with with with with with with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your your your your your your your your your your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the the the the the the the the the the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of of of of of of of of of of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the the the the the the the the the the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did did did did did did did did did did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is is is is is is is is is is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post post post post post post post post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in in in in in in in in in in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not not not not not not not not not not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need need need need need need need need need need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some some some some some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or or or or or or or or or or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one one one one one one one one one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the the the the the the the the the the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about about about about about about about about about about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you you you you you you you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of of of of of of of of of of changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my my my my my my my my my my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But But But But But But But But But But today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was was was was was was was was was was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something something something something something something something something something something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie Tie Tie Tie Tie Tie Tie Tie Tie Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I I I I I I I I I I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You You You You You You You You You You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a a a a a a a a a a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see see see see see see see see see see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still still still still still still still still still still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this this this this this this this this this this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something something something something something something something something something something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know know know know know know know know know know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it it it it it it it it it it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of of of of of of of of of of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to to to to to to to to to to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author author author author author author author author author author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things things things things things things things things things things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and and and and and and and and and and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and and and and and and and and and and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and and and and and and and and and and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of of of of of of of of of of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again again again again again again again again again again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths paths paths paths paths paths paths paths paths paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The The The The The The The The The The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and and and and and and and and and and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to to to to to to to to to to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches beaches You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He He He He He He He He He He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views views views views views views views views views views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the the the the the the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means means means means means means means means means means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about about about about about about about about about about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your your your your your your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that that that that that that that that that that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will will will will will will will will will will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John John John John John John John John John John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved Loved Loved Loved Loved Loved Loved Loved Loved Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will will will will will will will will will will remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in in in in in in in in in in his love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you you you you you you you you you you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other other other other other other other other other other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I I I I I I I I I I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I I I I I I I I I I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to to to to to to to to to to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the the the the the the the the the the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning of recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with with with with with with with with with with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just just just just just just just just just just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly. I'm with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say say say say say say say say say say to you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on on on on on on on on on on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This This This This This This This This This This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or or or or or or or or or or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is is is is is is is is is is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into into into into into into into into into into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love love love love love love love love love love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled handled handled handled handled handled handled handled handled handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its its its its its its its its its its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show show show show show show show show show show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and and and and and and and and and and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for for for for for for for for for for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point point point point point point point point point point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain villain villain villain villain villain villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season season season season season season season season season season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then then then then then then then then then then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at at at at at at at at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or or or or or or or or or or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to to to to to to to to to to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high high high high high high high high high high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it it it it it it it it it it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may may may may may may may may may may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it it it it it it it it it it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how how how how how how how how how how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I I I I I I I I I I say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for for for for for for for for for for he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of of of of of of of of of of the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge charge charge charge charge charge charge charge charge charge you can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the the the the the the the the the the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by by by by by by by by by by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a a a a a a a a a a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at at at at at at at at at at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have have have have have have have have have have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two two two two two two two two two two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did did did did did did did did did did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So So So So So So So So So So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I I I I I I I I I I have one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start start start start start start start start start start and make a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available available available available available available available available available available to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care care care care care care care care care care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to to to to to to to to to to with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love love love love love love love love love love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good good good good good good good good good good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you you you you you you you you you you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here here here here here here here here here here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that that that that that that that that that that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to to to to to to to to to to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for for for for for for for for for for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look look look look look look look look look look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already already already already already already already already already already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out out out out out out out out out out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download download download download download download download download download download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player player player player player player player player player player. Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from from from from from from from from from from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this this this this this this this this this this amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with with with with with with with with with with special needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and and and and and and and and and and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host host host host host host host host host host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but but but but but but but but but but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and the best best best best best best best best best best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know know know know know know know know know know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work work work work work work work work work work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have have have have have have have have have have a practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that that that that that that that that that that. I want to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you you you you you you you you you you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I I I I I I I I I I put out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I I I I I I I I I I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your your your your your your your your your your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in in in in in in in in in in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again again again again again again again again again again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the the the the the the the the the the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my my my my my my my my my my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and and and and and and and and and and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a a a a a a a a a a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the the the the the the the the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family family family family family family family family family family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your your your your your your your your your your host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because because because because because because because because because because of scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I I I I I I I I I I really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I I I I I I I I I I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still still still still still still still still still still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the the the the the the the the the the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a a a a a a a a a a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case case case case case case case case case case with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November November November November November November November November November November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get get get get get get get get get get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you you you you you you you you you you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who who who who who who who who who who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police police police police police police police police police police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got got got got got got got got got got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on on on on on on on on on on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and and and and and and and and and and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your your your your your your your your your your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You You You You You You You You You You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a a a a a a a a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a a a a a a a a a a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to to to to to to to to to to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this one? I I I I I I I I I I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is is is is is is is is is is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out out out out out out out out out out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? going going going going going going going going going Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this this this this this this this this this this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a a a a a a a a a a bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I I I I I I I I I I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I I I I I I I I I I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up up up up up up up up up up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My My My My My My My My My My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I I I I I I I I I I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life life life life life life life life life life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long long long long long long long long long long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and and and and and and and and and and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking clicking clicking clicking clicking clicking clicking clicking clicking clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may may may may may may may may may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and and and and and and and and and and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over over over over over over over over over over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he he he he he he he he he he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a a a a a a a a a a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a a a a a a a a a a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a a a a a a a a a a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I I I I I I I I I I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so so so so so so so so so so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this this this this this this this this this this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made made made made made made made made made made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things things things things things things things things things things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use use use use use use use use use use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right right right right right right right right right right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are are are are are are are are are are you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English English English English English English English English English English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a a a a a a a a a a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old old old old old old old old old old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to to to to to to to to to to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of of of of of of of of of of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a a a a a a a a a a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of of of of of of of of of of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of of of of of of of of of of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to to to to to to to to to to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you you you you you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download download download download download download download download download download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to to to to to to to to to to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by by by by by by by by by by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years years years years years years years years years years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these these these these these these these these these these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And And And And And And And And And And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in in in in in in in in in in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did did did did did did did did did did all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any any any any any any any any any any rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of of of of of of of of of of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were were were were were were were were were were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it it it it it it it it it it. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but but but but but but but but but but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I I I I I I I I I I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about about about about about about about about about about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and and and and and and and and and and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the the the the the the the the the the most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money money money money money money money money money money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you you you you you you you you you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to to to to to to to to to to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in in in in in in in in in in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values values values values values values values values values values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what what what what what what what what what what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give give give give give give give give give give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how how how how how how how how how how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why why why why why why why why why why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on on on on on on on on on on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In In In In In In In In In In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought to my my my my my my my my my my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with with with with with with with with with with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great great great great great great great great great great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of of of of of of of of of of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please please please please please please please please please please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four four four four four four four four four four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be be be be be be be be be be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require require require require require require require require require require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that that that that that that that that that that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me me me me me me me me me me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after after after after after after after after after after Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage and having some work work work work work work work work work work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last last last last last last last last last last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months months months months months months months months months months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could could could could could could could could could could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and and and and and and and and and and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or or or or or or or or or or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today today today today today today today today today today. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an an an an an an an an an an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from from from from from from from from from from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add add add add add add add add add add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and and and and and and and and and and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to to to to to to to to to to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the the the the the the the the the the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and and and and and and and and and and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and and and and and and and and and and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that that that that that that that that that that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording a a a a a a a a a a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then then then then then then then then then then we've got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as as as as as as as as as as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical comical comical comical comical comical comical comical comical comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just just just just just just just just just just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got got got got got got got got got got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have have have have have have have have have have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out out out out out out out out out out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time time time time time time time time time time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start start start start start start start start start start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the the the the the the the the the the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a a a a a a a a a a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third third third third third third third third third third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then then then then then then then then then then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and and and and and and and and and and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track track track track track track track track track track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just just just just just just just just just just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this this this this this this this this this this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package package package package package package package package package package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be be be be be be be be be be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the the the the the the the the the the best app to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You You You You You You You You You You can use your phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you you you you you you you you you you post the podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get get get get get get get get get get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has has has has has has has has has has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create create create create create create create create create create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how how how how how how how how how how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you you you you you you you you you you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the the the the the the the the the the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good good good good good good good good good good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We We We We We We We We We We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New New New New New New New New New New Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has has has has has has has has has has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the the the the the the the the the the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could could could could could could could could could could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use use use use use use use use use use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on on on on on on on on on on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is is is is is is is is is is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no no no no no no no no no no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to to to to to to to to to to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you you you you you you you you you you and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you you you you you you you you you you want to get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your your your your your your your your your your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to to to to to to to to to to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free free free free free free free free free free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the the the the the the the the the the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money money money money money money money money money money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be be be be be be be be be be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my my my my my my my my my my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica mica mica mica mica mica mica mica mica mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good good good good good good good good good good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us us us us us us us us us us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down down down down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us us us us us us us us us us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths youths youths youths youths youths youths youths youths youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of of of of of of of of of of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from from from from from from from from from from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the the the the the the the the the the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an an an an an an an an an an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 91 91 91 91 91 91 91 91 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of of of of of of of of of of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close close close close close close close close close close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you you you you you you you you you you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some some some some some some some some some some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is is is is is is is is is is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College College College College College College College College College College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say Say Say Say Say Say Say Say Say Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny because we're just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to to to to to to to to to to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so so so so so so so so so so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I I I I I I I I I I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just just just just just just just just just just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking about about about about about about about about about about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the the the the the the the the the the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some some some some some some some some some some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want want want want want want want want want want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the the the the the the the the the the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well well well well well well well well well well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog frog frog frog frog frog frog frog frog frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo photo photo photo photo photo photo photo photo photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I don't know know know know know know know know know know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show show show show show show show show show show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it it it it it it it it it it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American American American American American American American American American American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of of of of of of of of of of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me me me me me me me me me me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am am am am am am am am am am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I I I I I I I I I I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us us us us us us us us us us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for for for for for for for for for for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like like like like like like like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my my my my my my my my my my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to to to to to to to to to to Rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through through through through through through through through through through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author author author author author author author author author author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their their their their their their their their their their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today today today today today today today today today today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only only only only only only only only only only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags fags fags fags fags fags fags fags fags fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of of of of of of of of of of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We We We We We We We We We We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man man man man man man man man man man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going going going going going going going going going going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the the the the the the the the the the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All All All All All All All All All All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of of of of of of of of of of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going going going going going going going going going going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here here here here here here here here here here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of of of of of of of of of of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together together together together together together together together together together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a a a a a a a a a a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last last last last last last last last last last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met met met met met met met met met met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to to to to to to to to to to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have have have have have have have have have have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before before before before before before before before before before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are are are are are are are are are are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we we we we we we we we we we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can can can can can can can can can can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the the the the the the the the the the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want want want want want want want want want want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in in in in in in in in in in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I I I I I I I I I I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the the the the the the the the the the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really really really really really really really really really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to to to to to to to to to to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this this this this this this this this this this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and and and and and and and and and and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it it it it it it it it it it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang now now now now now now now now now now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about about about about about about about about about about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take take take take take take take take take take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up at at at at at at at at at at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the the the the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some some some some some some some some some some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method method method method method method method method method method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can can can can can can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a a a a a a a a a a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back back back back back back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last last last last last last last last last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as as as as as as as as as as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and and and and and and and and and and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now now now now now now now now now now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the the the the the the the the the the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just just just just just just just just just just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things things things things things things things things things things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for for for for for for for for for for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their their their their their their their their their their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha mha mha mha mha mha mha mha mha mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me me me me me me me me me me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I love tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and and and and and and and and and and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And And And And And And And And And And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as hell should should should should should should should should should should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today. We We We We We We We We We We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos twos twos twos twos twos twos twos twos twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after after after after after after after after after after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us us us us us us us us us us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with with with with with with with with with with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of of of of of of of of of of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So So So So So So So So So So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one one one one one one one one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a a a a a a a a a a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would would would would would would would would would would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on on on on on on on on on on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is is is is is is is is is is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the the the the the the the the the the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will will will will will will will will will will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying betraying betraying betraying betraying betraying betraying betraying betraying betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find find find find find find find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the the the the the the the the the the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / / / / / / / / / / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who who who who who who who who who who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may may may may may may may may may may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My My My My My My My My My My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the the the the the the the the the the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the the the the the the the the the the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again again again again again again again again again again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love love love love love love love love love love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here here here here here here here here here here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first first first first first first first first first first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to to to to to to to to to to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this this this this this this this this this this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check check check check check check check check check check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his record record record record record record record record record record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high high high high high high high high high high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now now now now now now now now now now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in in in in in in in in in in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in in in in in in in in in in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as as as as as as as as as as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business business business business business business business business business business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to to to to to to to to to to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just just just just just just just just just just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I I I I I I I I I I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have have have have have have have have have have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest was going going going going going going going going going going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just just just just just just just just just just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great great great great great great great great great great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a a a a a a a a a a new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five five five five five five five five five five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like like like like like like like like like like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five five five five five five five five five five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to to to to to to to to to to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name name name name name name name name name name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She She She She She She She She She She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that that that that that that that that that that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be be be be be be be be be be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is is is is is is is is is is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you you you you you you you you you you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am am am am am am am am am am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it it it it it it it it it it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online online online online online online online online online online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online online online online online online online online online online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these these these these these these these these these these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those those those those those those those those those those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club club club club club club club club club club what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I I I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record record record record record record record record record record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet packet packet packet packet packet packet packet packet packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different different different different different different different different different different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we we we we we we we we we we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that the the the the the the the the the the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one one one one one one one one one one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can can can can can can can can can can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also also also also also also also also also also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family family family family family family family family family family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me me me me me me me me me me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she she she she she she she she she she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like like like like like like like like like like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development development development development development development development development development development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here here here here here here here here here here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years years years years years years years years years years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance advance advance advance advance advance advance advance advance advance for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University University University University University University University University University University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a a a a a a a a a a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show show show show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional transitional transitional transitional transitional transitional transitional transitional transitional transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had had had had had had had had had had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a business business business business business business business business business business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the the the the the the the the the the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in in in in in in in in in in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more more more more more more more more more more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have have have have have have have have have have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that that that that that that that that that that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you you you you you you you you you you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have have have have have have have have have have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just just just just just just just just just just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So So So So So So So So So So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was was was was was was was was was was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we we we we we we we we we we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you you you you you you you you you you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just just just just just just just just just just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT TNT TNT TNT TNT TNT TNT TNT TNT TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that that that that that that that that that that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We We We We We We We We We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think think think think think think think think think think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice spice spice spice spice spice spice spice spice spice. So you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We We We We We We We We We We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name name name name name name name name name name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be be be be be be be be be be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a a a a a a a a a a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the the the the the the the the the the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup matchup matchup matchup matchup matchup matchup matchup matchup matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to to to to to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that that that that that that that that that that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free free free free free free free free free free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record record record record record record record record record record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as as as as as as as as as as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might might might might might might might might might might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can can can can can can can can can can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make make make make make make make make make make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? right right right right right right right right right No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would would would would would would would would would would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life life life life life life life life life life during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a a a a a a a a a a warm meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a a a a a a a a a a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are are are are are are are are are are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France France France France France France France France France France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the the the the the the the the the the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a a a a a a a a a a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to to to to to to to to to to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and and and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a a a a a a a a a a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is an an an an an an an an an an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the the the the the the the the the the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top top top top top top top top top top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of of of of of of of of of of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May May May May May May May May May May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to to to to to to to to to to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love love love love love love love love love love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in in in in in in in in in in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and and and and and and and and and and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when when when when when when when when when when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code code code code code code code code code code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and and and and and and and and and and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City City City City City City City City City City office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has has has has has has has has has has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of of of of of of of of of of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to to to to to to to to to to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at at at at at at at at at at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host host host host host host host host host host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from from from from from from from from from from the skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well well well well well well well well well well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just just just just just just just just just just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the the the the the the the the the the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start start start start start start start start start start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people people people people people people people people people people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and and and and and and and and and and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you you you you you you you you you you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to to to to to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D D D D D D D D D D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a a a a a a a a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I I I I I I I I I I have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a a a a a a a a a a job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from from from from from from from from from from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your your your your your your your your your your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless harmless harmless harmless harmless harmless harmless harmless harmless harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around around around around around around around around around around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a a a a a a a a a a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that that that that that that that that that that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about about about about about about about about about about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week week week week week week week week week week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are are are are are are are are are are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And And And And And And And And And And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either either either either either either either either either either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is is is is is is is is is is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE BCE BCE BCE BCE BCE BCE BCE BCE BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish vanish vanish vanish vanish vanish vanish vanish vanish vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and and and and and and and and and and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education education education education education education education education education education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a a a a a a a a a a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with with with with with with with with with with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been been been been been been been been been been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and and and and and and and and and and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a a a a a a a a a a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a a a a a a a a a a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So if he he he he he he he he he he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a a a a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the the the the the the the the the the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still still still still still still still still still still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in in in in in in in in in in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were were were were were were were were were were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the the the the the the the the the the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of of of of of of of of of of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as as as as as as as as as as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to to to to to to to to to to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight slight slight slight slight slight slight slight slight slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a a a a a a a a a a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today today today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and and and and and and and and and and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download download download download download download download download download download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all all all all all all all all all all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern state state state state state state state state state state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep outside and and and and and and and and and and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the the the the the the the the the the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much much much much much much much much much much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current current current current current current current current current current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It It It It It It It It It It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again again again again again again again again again again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this this this this this this this this this this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like like like like like like like like like like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just just just just just just just just just just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there there there there there there there there there there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into into into into into into into into into into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their their their their their their their their their their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have have have have have have have have have have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are are are are are are are are are are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often often often often often often often often often often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we might might might might might might might might might might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to to to to to to to to to to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the the the the the the the the the the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down down down down down down down down down down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and and and and and and and and and and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special special special special special special special special special special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My My My My My My My My My My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay Yay Yay Yay Yay Yay Yay Yay Yay Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I I I I I I I I I I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For For For For For For For For For For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I I I I I I I I I I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think it's just just just just just just just just just just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So So So So So So So So So So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name name name name name name name name name name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news news news news news news news news news news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and and and and and and and and and and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me me me me me me me me me me the horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no no no no no no no no no no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we we we we we we we we we we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and and and and and and and and and and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth Depth Depth Depth Depth Depth Depth Depth Depth Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one one one one one one one one one one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a a a a a a a a a a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name name name name name name name name name name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as as as as as as as as as as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up up up up up up up up up up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one week week week week week week week week week week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all all all all all all all all all all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have have have have have have have have have have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that that that that that that that that that that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like the most stressful stressful stressful stressful stressful stressful stressful stressful stressful stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way way way way way way way way way way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and and and and and and and and and and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that that that that that that that that that that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these these these these these these these these these these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and and and and and and and and and and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are are are are are are are are are are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but but but but but but but but but but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you you you you you you you you you you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into into into into into into into into into into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to to to to to to to to to to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people people people people people people people people people people. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we we we we we we we we we we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artwork artwork artwork artwork artwork artwork artwork artwork artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a a a a a a a a a a good season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you you you you you you you you you you since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I I I I I I I I I I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the the the the the the the the the the fart of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a a a a a a a a a a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since since since since since since since since since since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up up up up up up up up up up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around around around around around around around around around around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and and and and and and and and and and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do do do do do do do do do do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and and and and and and and and and and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And And And And And And And And And And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for for for for for for for for for for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school school school school school school school school school school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of of of of of of of of of of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was was was was was was was was was was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I I I I I I I I I I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what what what what what what what what what what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not not not not not not not not not not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that that that that that that that that that that was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to to to to to to to to to to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I I I I I I I I I I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join join join join join join join join join join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television television television television television television television television television television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of of of of of of of of of of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for for for for for for for for for for not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see see see see see see see see see see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just just just just just just just just just just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me me me me me me me me me me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used used used used used used used used used used to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line line line line line line line line line line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are are are are are are are are are are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one one one one one one one one one one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his his his his his his his his his his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got got got got got got got got got got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do do do do do do do do do do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about about about about about about about about about about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in in in in in in in in in in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was was was was was was was was was was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she she she she she she she she she she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try try try try try try try try try try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going going going going going going going going going going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is is is is is is is is is is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being being being being being being being being being being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our our our our our our our our our our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up up up up up up up up up up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a a a a a a a a a a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and and and and and and and and and and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it it it it it it it it it it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at at at at at at at at at at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second second second second second second second second second second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff puff puff puff puff puff puff puff puff puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really really really really really really really really really really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give give give give give give give give give give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like like like like like like like like like like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go go go go go go go go go go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of of of of of of of of of of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different different different different different different different different different different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I I I I I I I I I I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right right right right right right right right right right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to to to to to to to to to to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life life life life life life life life life life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is is is is is is is is is is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I I I I I I I I I I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try try try try try try try try try try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I I I I I I I I I I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and and and and and and and and and and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series series series series series series series series series series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it it it it it it it it it it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about about about about about about about about about about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who who who who who who who who who who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams grams grams grams grams grams grams grams grams grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the the the the the the the the the the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I I I I I I I I I I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a a a a a a a a a a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that is is is is is is is is is is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be be be be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it it it it it it it it it it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about about about about about about about about about about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the the the the the the the the the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So So So So So So So So So So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the the the the the the the the the the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do do do do do do do do do do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down down down down down down down down down down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what what what what what what what what what what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the the the the the the the the the the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We We We We We We We We We We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You You You You You You You You You You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to to to to to to to to to to read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your your your your your your your your your your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I I I I I I I I I I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like like like like like like like like like like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just just just just just just just just just just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I I I I I I I I I I got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first first first first first first first first first first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - - - - - - - - - - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train train train train train train train train train train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back back back back back back back back back back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a a a a a a a a a a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make make make make make make make make make make a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do do do do do do do do do do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the the the the the the the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end end end end end end end end end end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we we we we we we we we we we want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win win win win win win win win win win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more more more more more more more more more more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we we we we we we we we we we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So how how how how how how how how how how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the the the the the the the the the the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am am am am am am am am am am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what what what what what what what what what what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire. I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time time time time time time time time time time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the the the the the the the the the the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a a a a a a a a a a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is is is is is is is is is is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is is is is is is is is is is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got got got got got got got got got got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We We We We We We We We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think think think think think think think think think think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win win win win win win win win win win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going going going going going going going going going going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season season season season season season season season season season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And And And And And And And And And And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and and and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side side side side side side side side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every every every every every every every every every every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about about about about about about about about about about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in in in in in in in in in in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going going going going going going going going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and and and and and and and and and and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try try try try try try try try try try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the the the the the the the the the the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week week week week week week week week week week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back back back back back back back back back back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class class class class class class class class class class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of of of of of of of of of of stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good good good good good good good good good good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with with with with with with with with with with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an an an an an an an an an an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and and and and and and and and and and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was was was was was was was was was was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number number number number number number number number number number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current Current Current Current Current Current Current Current Current Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects objects objects objects objects objects objects objects objects objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back back back back back back back back back back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged charged charged charged charged charged charged charged charged charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for for for for for for for for for for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to to to to to to to our March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a a a a a a a a a a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his his his his his his his his his his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about about about about about about about about about about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where where where where where where where where where where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have have have have have have have have have have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just just just just just just just just just just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically typically typically typically typically typically typically typically typically typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or or or or or or or or or or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in in in in in in in in in in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an an an an an an an an an an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of of of of of of of of of of mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the the the the the the the the the the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings writings writings writings writings writings writings writings writings writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where where where where where where where where where where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to to to to to to to to to to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now now now now now now now now now now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will will will will will will will will will will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this this this this this this this this this this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your your your your your your your your your your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back back back back back back back back back back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it it it it it it it it it it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you you you you you you you you you you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed on social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for for for for for for for for for for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we we we we we we we we we we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of of of of of of of of of of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we we we we we we we we we we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we we we we we we we we we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I I I I I I I I I I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but but but but but but but but but but I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good good good good good good good good good good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off off off off off off off off off off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said said said said said said said said said said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This This This This This This This This This This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not not not not not not not not not not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go go go go go go go go go go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children children children children children children children children children children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to to to to to to to to to to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social social social social social social social social social social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & & & & & & & & & & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of of of of of of of of of of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York York York York York York York York York York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and and and and and and and and and and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about about about about about about about about about about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who who who who who who who who who who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not not not not not not not not not not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is is is is is is is is is is Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different different different different different different different different different different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I I I I I I I I I I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and and and and and and and and and and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on on on on on on on on on on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so so so so so so so so so so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's pushing it it it it it it it it it it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not not not not not not not not not not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try try try try try try try try try try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life life life life life life life life life life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with with with with with with with with with with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you you you you you you you you you you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do do do do do do do do do do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as as as as as as as as as as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of of of of of of of of of of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we we we we we we we we we we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for for for for for for for for for for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is is is is is is is is is is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I I I I I I I I I I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of of of of of of of of of of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you you you you you you you you you you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page page page page page page page page page page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk a little little little little little little little little little little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the the the the the the the the the the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one one one one one one one one one one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and and and and and and and and and and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This This This This This This This This This This was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you you you you you you you you you you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like like like like like like like like like like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut the the the the the the the the the the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in in in in in in in in in in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that that that that that that that that that that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on on on on on on on on on on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being being being being being being being being being being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is is is is is is is is is is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of of of of of of of of of of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our our our our our our our our our our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the the the the the the the the the the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I I I I I I I I I I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the the the the the the the the the the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips. The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my my my my my my my my my my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a a a a a a a a a a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? up up up up up up up up up Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map map map map map map map map map map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is is is is is is is is is is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be be be be be be be be be be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to to to to to to to to to to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many many many many many many many many many many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where where where where where where where where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a a a a a a a a a a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of of of of of of of of of of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with with with with with with with with with with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight slight slight slight slight slight slight slight slight slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the the the the the the the the the the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get get get get get get get get get get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my my my my my my my my my my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start start start start start start start start start start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the the the the the the the the the the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All All All All All All All All All All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from from from from from from from from from from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your your your your your your your your your your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app app app app app app app app app app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many many many many many many many many many many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make make make make make make make make make make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You You You You You You You You You You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on on on on on on on on on on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the the the the the the the the the the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little little little little little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs jigs jigs jigs jigs jigs jigs jigs jigs jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save save save save save save save save save save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the the the the the the the the the the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going going going going going going going going going going to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more more more more more more more more more more about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to to to to to to to to to to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in in in in in in in in in in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who who who who who who who who who who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all all all all all all all all all all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me me me me me me me me me me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two two two two two two two two two two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you you you you you you you you you you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my my my my my my my my my my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your your your your your your your your your your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old old old old old old old old old old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? name name name name name name name name name Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and and and and and and and and and and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to to to to to to to to to to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right right right right right right right right right right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the the the the the the the the the the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you you you you you you you you you you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for for for for for for for for for for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this this this this this this this this this this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us us us us us us us us us us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over over over over over over over over over over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this this this this this this this this this this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about about about about about about about about about about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of of of of of of of of of of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just dumping the the the the the the the the the the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with with with with with with with with with with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else else else else else else else else else else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out out out out out out out out out out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way way way way way way way way way way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making making making making making making making making making making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of of of of of of of of of of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a a a a a a a a a a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and and and and and and and and and and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such Such Such Such Such Such Such Such Such Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to to to to to to to to to to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more more more more more more more more more more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an an an an an an an an an an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way way way way way way way way way way they're in control of what they would like and as a man this is important important important important important important important important important important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you you you you you you you you you you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other other other other other other other other other other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person person person person person person person person person person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to to to to to to to to to to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to to to to to to to to to to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to to to to to to to to to to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the the the the the the the the the the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to to to to to to to to to to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob krob krob krob krob krob krob krob krob krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but but but but but but but but but but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So So So So So So So So So So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we we we we we we we we we we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there there there there there there there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die die die die die die die die die die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man man man man man man man man man man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this this this this this this this this this this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison prison prison prison prison prison prison prison prison prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your your your your your your your your your your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life life life life life life life life life life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's high high high high high high high high high high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special a little little little little little little little little little little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another another another another another another another another another another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two two two two two two two two two two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to to to to to to to to to to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this this this this this this this this this this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of of of of of of of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a a a a a a a a a a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C C C C C C C C C C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more more more more more more more more more more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they they they they they they they they they they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or or or or or or or or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and and and and and and and and and and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on on on on on on on on on on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we think teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this this this this this this this this this this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here here here here here here here here here here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of of of of of of of of of of the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as as as as as as as as as as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community community community community community community community community community community. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We We We We We We We We We We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can can can can can can can can can can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means means means means means means means means means means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in in in in in in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due Due Due Due Due Due Due Due Due Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under under under under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this this this this this this this this this this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We We We We We We We We We We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well well well well well well well well well well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it it it it it it it it it it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in in in in in in in in in in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be be be be be be be be be be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about about about about about about about about about about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was was was was was was was was was was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to to to to to to to to to to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I I I I I I I I I I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more more more more more more more more more more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as as as as as as as as as as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the the the the the the the the the the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players players players players players players players players players players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the the the the the the the the the the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as as as as as as as as as as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a a a a a a a a a a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take take take take take take take take take take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you you you you you you you you you you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for for for for for for for for for for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do you you you you you you you you you you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you you you you you you you you you you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the the the the the the the the the the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I I I I I I I I I I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an an an an an an an an an an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it it it it it it it it it it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want want want want want want want want want want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was was was was was was was was was was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the best best best best best best best best best best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did for me was remind remind remind remind remind remind remind remind remind remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which is is is is is is is is is is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come come come come come come come come come come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life life life life life life life life life life love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love back back back back back back back back back back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you to to to to to to to to to to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life and and and and and and and and and and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the the the the the the the the the the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event event event event event event event event event event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those those those those those those those those those those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they they they they they they they they they they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to to to to to to to to to to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more books books books books books books books books books books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and we we we we we we we we we we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You You You You You You You You You You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not not not not not not not not not not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money money money money money money money money money money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works works works works works works works works works works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money money money money money money money money money money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with with with with with with with with with with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any any any any any any any any any any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We We We We We We We We We We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when when when when when when when when when when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal journal journal journal journal journal journal journal journal journal body. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like like like like like like like like like like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than than than than than than than than than than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because because because because because because because because because because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going going going going going going going going going going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money money money money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life life life life life life life life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get get get get get get get get get get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this this this this this this this this this this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for for for for for for for for for for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I I I I I I I I I I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their their their their their their their their their their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all all all all all all all all all all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is is is is is is is is is is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My My My My My My My My My My name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? today today today today today today today today today Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say say say say say say say say say say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my my my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do do do do do do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so so so so so so so so so so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me me me me me me me me me me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get get get get get get get get get get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Les Les Les Les Les Les Les Les Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a a a a a a a a a a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many many many many many many many many many many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all all all all all all all all all all the work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or or or or or or or or or or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know know know know know know know know know know what that's going to be or when it will be but it it it it it it it it it it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you you you you you you you you you you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things things things things things things things things things things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little little little little little little little little little little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to to to to to to to to to to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil soil soil soil soil soil soil soil soil soil our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first first first first first first first first first first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the the the the the the the the the the farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better better better better better better better better better better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working working working working working working working working working working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little little little little little little little little little little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I I I I I I I I I I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it it it it it it it it it it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it it it it it it it it it it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your your your your your your your your your your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few few few few few few few few few few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that that that that that that that that that that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if if if if if if if if if if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the the the the the the the the the the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that that that that that that that that that that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is is is is is is is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good good good good good good good good good good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we we we we we we we we we we hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not not not not not not not not not not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me me me me me me me me me me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed washed washed washed washed washed washed washed washed washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when when when when when when when when when when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a a a a a a a a a a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they they they they they they they they they they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and and and and and and and and and and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real real real real real real real real real real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at at at at at at at at at at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is is is is is is is is is is Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super super super super super super super super super super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a a a a a a a a a a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for for for for for for for for for for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special special special special special special special special special special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix remix remix remix remix remix remix remix remix remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name name name name name name name name name name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to to to to to to to to to to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create create create create create create create create create create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also also also also also also also also also also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she she she she she she she she she she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do do do do do do do do do do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live live live live live live live live live live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would would would would would would would would would would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still still still still still still still still still still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my my my my my my my my my my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a a a a a a a a a a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our our our our our our our our our our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We We We We We We We We We We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that that that that that that that that that that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today today today today today today today today today today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was was was was was was was was was was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you you you you you you you you you you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and and and and and and and and and and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about about about about about about about about about about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special special special special special special special special special special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a a a a a a a a a a music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about about about about about about about about about about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to to to to to to to to to to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society Society Society Society Society Society Society Society Society Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call call call call call call call call call call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made made made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the the the the the the the the the the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been been been been been been been been been been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is is is is is is is is is is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random random random random random random random random random random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has has has has has has has has has has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I I I I I I I I I I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about about about about about about about about about about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app app app app app app app app app app called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at at at at at at at at at at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and and and and and and and and and and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what what what what what what what what what what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a a a a a a a a a a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out out out out out out out out out out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after after after after after after after after after after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least least least least least least least least least least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in in in in in in in in in in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what what what what what what what what what what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button button button button button button button button button button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to to to to to to to to to to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your your your your your your your your your your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of of of of of of of of of of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family family family family family family family family family family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The The The The The The The The The The Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and and and and and and and and and and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So So So So So So So So So So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we we we we we we we we we we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all all all all all all all all all all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a a a a a a a a a a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for for for for for for for for for for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True True True True True True True True True True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On On On On On On On On On On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this this this this this this this this this this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was was was was was was was was was was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with with with with with with with with with with back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been been been been been been been been been been going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we we we we we we we we we we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then then then then then then then then then then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is is is is is is is is is is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do do do do do do do do do do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a a a a a a a a a a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what what what what what what what what what what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is is is is is is is is is is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going going going going going going going going going going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than than than than than than than than than than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so so so so so so so so so so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we we we we we we we we we we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to to to to to to to to to to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a a a a a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live live live live live live live live live live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we we we we we we we we we we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is is is is is is is is is is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us us us us us us us us us us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the the the the the the the the the the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that that that that that that that that that that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can can can can can can can can can can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have have have have have have have have have have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a a a a a a a a a a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a a a a a a a a a a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All All All All All All All All All All right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and and and and and and and and and and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make make make make make make make make make make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the the the the the the the the the the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go go go go go go go go go go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and and and and and and and and and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What What What What What What What What What What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them them them them them them them them them them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on on on on on on on on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the the the the the the the the the the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months months months months months months months months months months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for for for for for for for for for for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on on on on on on on on on on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may may may may may may may may may may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into into into into into into into into into into action. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to to to to to to to to to to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so so so so so so so so so so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to to to to to to to to to to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some some some some some some some some some some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my my my my my my my my my my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a a a a a a a a a a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for for for for for for for for for for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some some some some some some some some some some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family family family family family family family family family family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part part part part part part part part part part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is is is is is is is is is is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but I'm going to to to to to to to to to to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know an answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes they call call call call call call call call call call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time? Now that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes I call out out out out out out out out out out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free free free free free free free free free free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already already already already already already already already already already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you you you you you you you you you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back back back back back back back back back back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your your your your your your your your your your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I I I I I I I I I I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because because because because because because because because because because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into into into into into into into into into into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which which which which which which which which which which I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in in in in in in in in in in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something something something something something something something something something something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has has has has has has has has has has been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title title title title title title title title title title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up up up up up up up up up up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it it it it it it it it it it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built built built built built built built built built built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March March March March March March March March March March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was was was was was was was was was was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one one one one one one one one one one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you you you you you you you you you you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help help help help help help help help help help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one one one one one one one one one one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all all all all all all all all all all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board board board board board board board board board board style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you you you you you you you you you you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I I I I I I I I I I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this this this this this this this this this this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business business business business business business business business business business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads heads heads heads heads heads heads heads heads heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as as as as as as as as as as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what what what what what what what what what what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she she she she she she she she she she just like got right and did not try to get to know me me me me me me me me me me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I I I I I I I I I I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to to to to to to to to to to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I I I I I I I I I I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And And And And And And And And And And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's word life life life life life life life life life life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on things things things things things things things things things things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and joy everyday. I I I I I I I I I I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to to to to to to to to to to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the the the the the the the the the the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this this this this this this this this this this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your your your your your your your your your your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super super super super super super super super super super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I I I I I I I I I I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not not not not not not not not not not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me me me me me me me me me me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too too too too too too too too too too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was was was was was was was was was was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into into into into into into into into into into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like like like like like like like like like like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or or or or or or or or or or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of of of of of of of of of of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and and and and and and and and and and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this this this this this this this this this this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been been been been been been been been been been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is is is is is is is is is is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get get get get get get get get get get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it it it it it it it it it it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it it it it it it it it it it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date date date date date date date date date date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of of of of of of of of of of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of of of of of of of of of of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having having having having having having having having having having a good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late late late late late late late late late late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and and and and and and and and and and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by by by by by by by by by by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for for for for for for for for for for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just just just just just just just just just just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food food food food food food food food food food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at at at at at at at at at at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called called called called called called called called called called anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you you you you you you you you you you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There There There There There There There There There There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out out out out out out out out out out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just just just just just just just just just just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him him him him him him him him him him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a a a a a a a a a a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of of of of of of of of of of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at at at at at at at at at at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I I I I I I I I I I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I I I I I I I I I I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What What What What What What What What What What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my my my my my my my my my my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and and and and and and and and and and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here here here here here here here here here here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a a a a a a a a a a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of of of of of of of of of of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which which which which which which which which which which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via via via via via via via via via via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if if if if if if if if if if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that that that that that that that that that that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / / / / / / / / / / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being being being being being being being being being being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of of of of of of of of of of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim swim swim swim swim swim swim swim swim swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for for for for for for for for for for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now now now now now now now now now now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a a a a a a a a a a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the the the the the the the the the the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for for for for for for for for for for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today today today today today today today today today today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil recoil recoil recoil recoil recoil recoil recoil recoil recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play play play play play play play play play play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with with with with with with with with with with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that that that that that that that that that that easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a a a a a a a a a a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just just just just just just just just just just got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena and man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more more more more more more more more more more into detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our our our our our our our our our our guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How How How How How How How How How How are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for for for for for for for for for for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the the the the the the the the the the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and and and and and and and and and and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at at at at at at at at at at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the the the the the the the the the the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it it it it it it it it it it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you you you you you you you you you you so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you you you you you you you you you you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do do do do do do do do do do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after after after after after after after after after after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard place of of of of of of of of of of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and for me me me me me me me me me me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to make make make make make make make make make make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this this this this this this this this this this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download download download download download download download download download download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get get get get get get get get get get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to to to to to to to to to to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we we we we we we we we we we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king king king king king king king king king king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with with with with with with with with with with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our our our our our our our our our our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade decade decade decade decade decade decade decade decade decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a a a a a a a a a a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have have have have have have have have have have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your your your your your your your your your your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free free free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what what what what what what what what what what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one one one one one one one one one one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those are are are are are are are are are are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our our our our our our our our our our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for for for for for for for for for for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you you you you you you you you you you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their their their their their their their their their their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is is is is is is is is is is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it it it it it it it it it it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I I I I I I I I I I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my my my my my my my my my my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it it it it it it it it it it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much much much much much much much much much much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for for for for for for for for for for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app app app app app app app app app app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the the the the the the the the the the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give give give give give give give give give give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about about about about about about about about about about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the the the the the the the the the the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game game game game game game game game game game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you you you you you you you you you you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players players players players players players players players players players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to to to to to to to to to to management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the the the the the the the the the the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is is is is is is is is is is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it it it it it it it it it it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a a a a a a a a a a little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of of of of of of of of of of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a a a a a a a a a a half years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as as as as as as as as as as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other other other other other other other other other other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and and and and and and and and and and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can can can can can can can can can can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to to to to to to to to to to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are are are are are are are are are are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one one one one one one one one one one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to to to to to to to to to to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a a a a a a a a a a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me me me me me me me me me me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to to to to to to to to to to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to to to to to to to to to to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we we we we we we we we we we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and and and and and and and and and and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an an an an an an an an an an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to to to to to to to to to to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of of of of of of of of of of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working working working working working working working working working working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how how how how how how how how how how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created created created created created created created created created created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on on on on on on on on on on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I I I I I I I I I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get get get get get get get get get get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got got got got got got got got got got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so so so so so so so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that that that that that that that that that that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So So So So So So So So So So if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right right right right right right right right right right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here here here here here here here here here here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on on on on on on on on on on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to to to to to to to to to to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around around around around around around around around around around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the the the the the the the the the the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time time time time time time time time time time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields yields yields yields yields yields yields yields yields yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not not not not not not not not not not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of of of of of of of of of of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in in in in in in in in in in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that that that that that that that that that that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51%. And they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where where where where where where where where where where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for for for for for for for for for for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We We We We We We We We We We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female female female female female female female female female female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it it it it it it it it it it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you you you you you you you you you you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last last last last last last last last last last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are are are are are are are are are are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all all all all all all all all all all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into into into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in in in in in in in in in in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life life life life life life life life life life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we we we we we we we we we we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in in in in in in in in in in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we we we we we we we we we we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same same same same same same same same same same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take take take take take take take take take take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to to to to to to to to to to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we we we we we we we we we we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March March March March March March March March March March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from from from from from from from from from from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you you you you you you you you you you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a a a a a a a a a a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in in in in in in in in in in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you you you you you you you you you you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but but but but but but but but but but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really really really really really really really really really really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this this this this this this this this this this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to to to to to to to to to to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show show show show show show show show show show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son son son son son son son son son son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You You You You You You You You You You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of of of of of of of of of of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from from from from from from from from from from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name name name name name name name name name name is Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of of of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after after after after after after after after after after show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about about about about about about about about about about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then then then then then then then then then then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class class class class class class class class class class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please please please please please please please please please please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because because because because because because because because because because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way way way way way way way way way way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without without without without without without without without without without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also also also also also also also also also also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from from from from from from from from from from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to to to to to to to to to to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I I I I I I I I I I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over over over over over over over over over over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to to to to to to to to to to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you you you you you you you you you you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I I I I I I I I I I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to to to to to to to to to to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from from from from from from from from from from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of of of of of of of of of of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as as as as as as as as as as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a a a a a a a a a a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this this this this this this this this this this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising surprising surprising surprising surprising surprising surprising surprising surprising surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and and and and and and and and and and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I have have have have have have have have have have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It It It It It It It It It It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right right right right right right right right right right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there there there there there there there there there there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when when when when when when when when when when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said said said said said said said said said said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really really really really really really really really really really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that that that that that that that that that that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event event event event event event event event event event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about about about about about about about about about about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at at at at at at at at at at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good good good good good good good good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free free free free free free free free free free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get get get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my my my my my my my my my my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me me me me me me me me me me. If you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that that that that that that that that that that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of of of of of of of of of of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and and and and and and and and and and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it it it it it it it it it it will be different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to to to to to to to to to to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you you you you you you you you you you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to to to to to to to to to to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it it it it it it it it it it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I went went went went went went went went went went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to do a keynote keynote keynote keynote keynote keynote keynote keynote keynote keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a good time time time time time time time time time time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off off off off off off off off off off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says says says says says says says says says says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I I I I I I I I I I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I I I I I I I I I I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a a a a a a a a a a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not not not not not not not not not not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you you you you you you you you you you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes it it it it it it it it it it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all the creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if if if if if if if if if if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to to to to to to to to to to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the the the the the the the the the the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature on on on on on on on on on on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a a a a a a a a a a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you you you you you you you you you you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like like like like like like like like like like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on on on on on on on on on on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out out out out out out out out out out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you you you you you you you you you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of of of of of of of of of of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like you can can can can can can can can can can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and told told told told told told told told told told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the the the the the the the the the the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with them them them them them them them them them them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been been been been been been been been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on on on on on on on on on on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I really really really really really really really really really really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you you you you you you you you you you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of of of of of of of of of of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today today today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on on on on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to to to to to to to to to to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job job job job job job job job job job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by by by by by by by by by by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living living living living living living living living living living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time. You You You You You You You You You You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be be be be be be be be be be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start start start start start start start start start start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like like like like like like like like like like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now now now now now now now now now now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for for for for for for for for for for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a a a a a a a a a a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change change change change change change change change change change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of of of of of of of of of of you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or or or or or or or or or or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to to to to to to to to to to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of of of of of of of of of of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last last last last last last last last last last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because because because because because because because because because because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for for for for for for for for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do do do do do do do do do do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you you you you you you you you you you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people people people people people people people people people people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of of of of of of of of of of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession profession profession profession profession profession profession profession profession profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for for for for for for for for for for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or or or or or or or or or or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home home home home home home home home home home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you you you you you you you you you you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see see see see see see see see see see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a a a a a a a a a a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so so so so so so so so so so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up up up up up up up up up up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back back back back back back back back back back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out out out out out out out out out out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is is is is is is is is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you you you you you you you you you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it it it it it it it it it it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits merits merits merits merits merits merits merits merits merits are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you you you you you you you you you you to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self self self self self self self self self self for strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your your your your your your your your your your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you you you you you you you you you you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and and and and and and and and and and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is the the the the the the the the the the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want want want want want want want want want want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you you you you you you you you you you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to to to to to to to to to to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It It It It It It It It It It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America America America America America America America America America America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May May May May May May May May May May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far far far far far far far far far far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university university university university university university university university university university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and and and and and and and and and and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that that that that that that that that that that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it it it it it it it it it it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about about about about about about about about about about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have have have have have have have have have have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for for for for for for for for for for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why why why why why why why why why why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD RD RD RD RD RD RD RD RD RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at at at at at at at at at at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, World, World, World, World, World, World, World, World, World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with with with with with with with with with with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were were were were were were were were were were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in in in in in in in in in in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been been been been been been been been been been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's over. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with with with with with with with with with with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it it it it it it it it it it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I I I I I I I I I I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one one one one one one one one one one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make make make make make make make make make make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just just just just just just just just just just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and and and and and and and and and and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to to to to to to to to to to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make make make make make make make make make make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near near near near near near near near near near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you you you you you you you you you you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some some some some some some some some some some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started started started started started started started started started started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of of of of of of of of of of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and and and and and and and and and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up up up up up up up up up up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our our our our our our our our our our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door door door door door door door door door door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of of of of of of of of of of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the the the the the the the the the the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is is is is is is is is is is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I I I I I I I I I I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in in in in in in in in in in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with with with with with with with with with with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to to to to to to to to to to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys joys joys joys joys joys joys joys joys joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there there there there there there there there there there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from from from from from from from from from from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and and and and and and and and and and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when when when when when when when when when when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences differences differences differences differences differences differences differences differences differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my my my my my my my my my my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The The The The The The The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course course course course course course course course course course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about about about about about about about about about about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people people people people people people people people people people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be be be be be be be be be be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of of of of of of of of of of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides from from from from from from from from from from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to to to to to to to to to to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what we we we we we we we we we we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we we we we we we we we we we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what what what what what what what what what what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by by by by by by by by by by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a a a a a a a a a a brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you you you you you you you you you you over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's called love letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by by by by by by by by by by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show show show show show show show show show show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the the the the the the the the the the same question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single single single single single single single single single single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person person person person person person person person person person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of of of of of of of of of of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a a a a a a a a a a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round round round round round round round round round round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in in in in in in in in in in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So So So So So So So So So So I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to to to to to to to to to to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story story story story story story story story story story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do do do do do do do do do do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show show show show show show show show show show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and and and and and and and and and and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real real real real real real real real real real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the the the the the the the the the the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how how how how how how how how how how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take take take take take take take take take take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on on on on on on on on on on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I I I I I I I I I I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my my my my my my my my my my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the the the the the the the the the the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of of of of of of of of of of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their their their their their their their their their their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are are are are are are are are are are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a a a a a a a a a a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the the the the the the the the the the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of of of of of of of of of of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people people people people people people people people people people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of of of of of of of of of of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made made made made made made made made made made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all all all all all all all all all all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space to to to to to to to to to to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in in in in in in in in in in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all all all all all all all all all all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and and and and and and and and and and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other other other other other other other other other other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you you you you you you you you you you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to to to to to to to to to to a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the the the the the the the the the the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective adjective adjective adjective adjective adjective adjective adjective adjective adjective meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or or or or or or or or or or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be be be be be be be be be be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance importance importance importance importance importance importance importance importance importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance significance significance significance significance significance significance significance significance significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first first first first first first first first first first official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have have have have have have have have have have some chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus Romero. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the the the the the the the the the the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going going going going going going going going going going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is is is is is is is is is is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up up up up up up up up up up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So So So So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a a a a a a a a a a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you you you you you you you you you you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it it it it it it it it it it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post post post post post post post post post post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns owns owns owns owns owns owns owns owns owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it it it it it it it it it it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which which which which which which which which which which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message message message message message message message message message message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with with with with with with with with with with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today today today today today today today today today today. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and and and and and and and and and and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your your your your your your your your your your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most most most most most most most most most most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So So So So So So So So So So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you you you you you you you you you you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that that that that that that that that that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, called, called, called, called, called, called, called, called, called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January January January January January January January January January January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for for for for for for for for for for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to to to to to to to to to to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use use use use use use use use use use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on on on on on on on on on on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you you you you you you you you you you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is is is is is is is is is is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money money money money money money money money money money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you you you you you you you you you you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of of of of of of of of of of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even even even even even even even even even even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the the the the the the the the the the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on on on on on on on on on on this podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if if if if if if if if if if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got got got got got got got got got got my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of of of of of of of of of of moving so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me me me me me me me me me me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a a a a a a a a a a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once once once once once once once once once once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is is is is is is is is is is because it's something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more more more more more more more more more more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British British British British British British British British British British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this this this this this this this this this this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today today today today today today today today today today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to to to to to to to to to to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you you you you you you you you you you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you you you you you you you you you you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is is is is is is is is is is now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that that that that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo memo memo memo memo memo memo memo memo memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I I I I I I I I I I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night night night night night night night night night night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have have have have have have have have have have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of of of of of of of of of of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How how how how how how how how how how to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is is is is is is is is is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it it it it it it it it it it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for in in in in in in in in in in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of months, so so so so so so so so so so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a a a a a a a a a a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back back back back back back back back back back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not not not not not not not not not not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that that that that that that that that that that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now now now now now now now now now now sweet bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have have have have have have have have have have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of of of of of of of of of of our good friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most most most most most most most most most most of Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a a a a a a a a a a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead on everything so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with with with with with with with with with with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to to to to to to to to to to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I I I I I I I I I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my my my my my my my my my my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The The The The The The The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the the the the the the the the the the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some some some some some some some some some some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some some some some some some some some some some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I I I I I I I I I I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and and and and and and and and and and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going going going going going going going going going going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind of a a a a a a a a a a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm getting out out out out out out out out out out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own own own own own own own own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world world world world world world world world world world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for for for for for for for for for for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for for for for for for for for for for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up up up up up up up up up up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the the the the the the the the the the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that that that that that that that that that that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going going going going going going going going going going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How How How How How How How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because because because because because because because because because because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then then then then then then then then then then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when when when when when when when when when when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about it? it it it it it it it it it You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we we we we we we we we we we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving solving solving solving solving solving solving solving solving solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science science science science science science science science science science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place place place place place place place place place place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of of of of of of of of of of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I I I I I I I I I I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always always always always always always always always always always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you you you you you you you you you you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to to to to to to to to to to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with with with with with with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to to to to to to to to to to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you you you you you you you you you you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on on on on on on on on on on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on on on on on on on on on on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have have have have have have have have have have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with with with with with with with with with with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a a a a a a a a a a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started started started started started started started started started started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media media media media media media media media media media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of of of of of of of of of of a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more more more more more more more more more more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how how how how how how how how how how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You are of of of of of of of of of of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the the the the the the the the the the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white whale and and and and and and and and and and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we we we we we we we we we we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one one one one one one one one one one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want want want want want want want want want want to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those those those those those those those those those those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on on on on on on on on on on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying laying laying laying laying laying laying laying laying laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a a a a a a a a a a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a a a a a a a a a a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never never never never never never never never never never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that that that that that that that that that that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True True True True True True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the the the the the the the the the the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this this this this this this this this this this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on on on on on on on on on on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you you you you you you you you you you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help help help help help help help help help help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you you you you you you you you you you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was was was was was was was was was was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for for for for for for for for for for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out out out out out out out out out out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people people people people people people people people people people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with with with with with with with with with with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a a a a a a a a a a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for for for for for for for for for for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a a a a a a a a a a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from from from from from from from from from from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as as as as as as as as as as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and and and and and and and and and and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he he he he he he he he he he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we we we we we we we we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you you you you you you you you you you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to to to to to to to to to to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that that that that that that that that that that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what what what what what what what what what what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give give give give give give give give give give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of of of of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account account account account account account account account account account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one one one one one one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on on on on on on on on on on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to to to to to to to to to to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in in in in in in in in in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of of of of of of of of of of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be be be be be be be be be be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am am am am am am am am am am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each each each each each each each each each each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the the the the the the the the the the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My My My My My My My My My My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the the the the the the the the the the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you you you you you you you you you you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the the the the the the the the the the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I I I I I I I I I I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been been been been been been been been been been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with with with with with with with with with with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to to to to to to to to to to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off off off off off off off off off off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to to to to to to to to to to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about about about about about about about about about about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know know know know know know know know know know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un un un un un un un un un un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also also also also also also also also also also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great great great great great great great great great great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good good good good good good good good good good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in in in in in in in in in in Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of of of of of of of of of of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I I I I I I I I I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March March March March March March March March March March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because because because because because because because because because because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you you you you you you you you you you ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the the the the the the the the the the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his his his his his his his his his his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that that that that that that that that that that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you you you you you you you you you you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the the the the the the the the the the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I I I I I I I I I I thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little little little little little little little little little little bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I I I I I I I I I I guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got got got got got got got got got got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? again again again again again again again again again Just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big big big big big big big big big big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think think think think think think think think think think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I I I I I I I I I I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this this this this this this this this this this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? those those those those those those those those those Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we we we we we we we we we we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with with with with with with with with with with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all all all all all all all all all all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of of of of of of of of of of is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where where where where where where where where where where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their their their their their their their their their their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can can can can can can can can can can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after after after after after after after after after after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up up up up up up up up up up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all all all all all all all all all all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the the the the the the the the the the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that that that that that that that that that that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and and and and and and and and and and I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few few few few few few few few few few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But But But But But But But But But But it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the the the the the the the the the the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It was was was was was was was was was was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we couldn't agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto my my my my my my my my my my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things things things things things things things things things things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any any any any any any any any any any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where where where where where where where where where where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your your your your your your your your your your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the the the the the the the the the the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I I I I I I I I I I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by by by by by by by by by by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going going going going going going going going going going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years years years years years years years years years years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in in in in in in in in in in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together together together together together together together together together together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our our our our our our our our our our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a a a a a a a a a a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing packing packing packing packing packing packing packing packing packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and and and and and and and and and and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even even even even even even even even even even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they they they they they they they they they they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools schools schools schools schools schools schools schools schools schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in in in in in in in in in in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about about about about about about about about about about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well well well well well well well well well well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like like like like like like like like like like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all all all all all all all all all all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that that that that that that that that that that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we we we we we we we we we we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to to to to to to to to to to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to to to to to to to to to to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will will will will will will will will will will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this this this this this this this this this this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you you you you you you you you you you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I I I I I I I I I I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and and and and and and and and and and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the the the the the the the the the the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and and and and and and and and and and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to to to to to to to to to to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and and and and and and and and and and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position position position position position position position position position position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be be be be be be be be be be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position position position position position position position position position position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to to to to to to to to to to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box Box Box Box Box Box Box Box Box Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how how how how how how how how how how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I I I I I I I I I I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try try try try try try try try try try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right right right right right right right right right right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October October October October October October October October October October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their their their their their their their their their their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close close close close close close close close close close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were were were were were were were were were were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have have have have have have have have have have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as as as as as as as as as as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our our our our our our our our our our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come come come come come come come come come come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to to to to to to to to to to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond almond almond almond almond almond almond almond almond almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why why why why why why why why why why people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she she she she she she she she she she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to to to to to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your your your your your your your your your your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about about about about about about about about about about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make make make make make make make make make make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the the the the the the the the the the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way way way way way way way way way way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the the the the the the the the the the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, honors, honors, honors, honors, honors, honors, honors, honors, honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or or or or or or or or or or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it it it it it it it it it it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport sport sport sport sport sport sport sport sport sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is is is is is is is is is is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this this this this this this this this this this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and and and and and and and and and and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in in in in in in in in in in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body body body body body body body body body body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe troupe troupe troupe troupe troupe troupe troupe troupe troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the the the the the the the the the the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who who who who who who who who who who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that that that that that that that that that that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klux Klux Klux Klux Klux Klux Klux Klux Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to to to to to to to to to to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been been been been been been been been been been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would would would would would would would would would would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a a a a a a a a a a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going going going going going going going going going going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to to to to to to to to to to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the the the the the the the the the the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that that that that that that that that that that can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a a a a a a a a a a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This This This This This This This This This This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his his his his his his his his his his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but but but but but but but but but but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our our our our our our our our our our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a a a a a a a a a a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while while while while while while while while while while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with with with with with with with with with with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between between between between between between between between between between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art art art art art art art art art art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you you you you you you you you you you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me me me me me me me me me me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So So So So So So So So So So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went went went went went went went went went went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few few few few few few few few few few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we we we we we we we we we we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for for for for for for for for for for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you you you you you you you you you you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off off off off off off off off off off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are are are are are are are are are are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check check check check check check check check check check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate in in in in in in in in in in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can never never never never never never never never never never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in in in in in in in in in in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of of of of of of of of of of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a a a a a a a a a a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I I I I I I I I I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music music music music music music music music music music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now now now now now now now now now now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it it it it it it it it it it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of of of of of of of of of of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This This This This This This This This This This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if if if if if if if if if if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love love love love love love love love love love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a a a a a a a a a a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little little little little little little little little little little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of of of of of of of of of of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in in in in in in in in in in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information information information information information information information information information information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office office office office office office office office office office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one one one one one one one one one one man ride podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had had had had had had had had had had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up up up up up up up up up up is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it it it it it it it it it it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we we we we we we we we we we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our our our our our our our our our our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you you you you you you you you you you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live live live live live live live live live live for that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say say say say say say say say say say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our our our our our our our our our our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when when when when when when when when when when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username username username username username username username username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The The The The The The The The The The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a a a a a a a a a a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every every every every every every every every every every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did did did did did did did did did did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it it it it it it it it it it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download download download download download download download download download download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the the the the the the the the the the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not not not not not not not not not not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also also also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come come come come come come come come come come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want want want want want want want want want want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my my my my my my my my my my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week week week week week week week week week week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history history history history history history history history history history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She She She She She She She She She She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way way way way way way way way way way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled by her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task task task task task task task task task task for police resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on on on on on on on on on on the shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out out out out out out out out out out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper into Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and and and and and and and and and and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very very very very very very very very very very good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that that that that that that that that that that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history history history history history history history history history history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what what what what what what what what what what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So So So So So So So So So So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does does does does does does does does does does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the the the the the the the the the the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change change change change change change change change change change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because because because because because because because because because because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day day day day day day day day day day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like like like like like like like like like like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have have have have have have have have have have Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on on on on on on on on on on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and and and and and and and and and and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my my my my my my my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as as as as as as as as as as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to to to to to to to to to to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night night night night night night night night night night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it it it it it it it it it it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were were were were were were were were were were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to to to to to to to to to to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP JP JP JP JP JP JP JP JP JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that that that that that that that that that that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how how how how how how how how how how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you you you you you you you you you you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have have have have have have have have have have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier easier easier easier easier easier easier easier easier easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is is is is is is is is is is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you you you you you you you you you you need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on on on on on on on on on on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all all all all all all all all all all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the the the the the the the the the the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his his his his his his his his his his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are are are are are are are are are are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and and and and and and and and and and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you you you you you you you you you you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and and and and and and and and and and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have have have have have have have have have have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where where where where where where where where where where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things things things things things things things things things things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money money money money money money money money money money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our our our our our our our our our our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have have have have have have have have have have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names names names names names names names names names names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these these these these these these these these these these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the the the the the the the the the the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to to to to to to to to to to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a a a a a a a a a a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So So So So So So So So So So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first first first first first first first first first first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to to to to to to to to to to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my my my my my my my my my my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I I I I I I I I I I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key key key key key key key key key key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater greater greater greater greater greater greater greater greater greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a a a a a a a a a a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how how how how how how how how how how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having having having having having having having having having having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is is is is is is is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my my my my my my my my my my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control control control control control control control control control control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we we we we we we we we we we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can can can can can can can can can can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right right right right right right right right right right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life life life life life life life life life life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of of of of of of of of of of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be be be be be be be be be be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of of of of of of of of of of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of of of of of of of of of of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our our our our our our our our our our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me me me me me me me me me me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have have have have have have have have have have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can can can can can can can can can can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and and and and and and and and and and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something something something something something something something something something something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their their their their their their their their their their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a a a a a a a a a a great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too too too too too too too too too too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were were were were were were were were were were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people people people people people people people people people people I do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and having a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we we we we we we we we we we are kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want want want want want want want want want want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and and and and and and and and and and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So So So So So So So So So So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a a a a a a a a a a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it it it it it it it it it it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have have have have have have have have have have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board board board board board board board board board board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are are are are are are are are are are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note note note note note note note note note note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want want want want want want want want want want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because I I I I I I I I I I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want you you you you you you you you you you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do do do do do do do do do do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little little little little little little little little little little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The The The The The The The The The The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of of of of of of of of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key key key key key key key key key key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points points points points points points points points points points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against against against against against against against against against against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that that that that that that that that that that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they they they they they they they they they they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the the the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men Men Men Men Men Men Men Men Men Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the the the the the the the the the the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is is is is is is is is is is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to to to to to to to to to to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one one one one one one one one one one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be be be be be be be be be be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called called called called called called called called called called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got got got got got got got got got got the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this this this this this this this this this this. I'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over over over over over over over over over over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you you you you you you you you you you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my my my my my my my my my my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the the the the the the the the the the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something something something something something something something something something something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for for for for for for for for for for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to to to to to to to to to to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this this this this this this this this this this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a a a a a a a a a a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect effect effect effect effect effect effect effect effect effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for for for for for for for for for for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read read read read read read read read read read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this this this this this this this this this this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about about about about about about about about about about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for for for for for for for for for for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you you you you you you you you you you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be be be be be be be be be be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days days days days days days days days days days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for for for for for for for for for for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night night night night night night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and and and and and and and and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every every every every every every every every every every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but but but but but but but but but but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super super super super super super super super super super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on on on on on on on on on on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon landing landing landing landing landing landing landing landing landing landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios one in in in in in in in in in in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it it it it it it it it it it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match match match match match match match match match match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That That That That That That That That That That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you you you you you you you you you you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you you you you you you you you you you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it it it it it it it it it it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what what what what what what what what what what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to to to to to to to to to to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this this this this this this this this this this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from from from from from from from from from from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too too too too too too too too too too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know want want want want want want want want want want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know know know know know know know know know know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great content content content content content content content content content content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one one one one one one one one one one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to to to to to to to to to to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This This This This This This This This This This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or or or or or or or or or or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no no no no no no no no no no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names names names names names names names names names names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it it it it it it it it it it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the the the the the the the the the the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that that that that that that that that that that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you you you you you you you you you you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care of of of of of of of of of of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going going going going going going going going going going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just just just just just just just just just just call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our our our our our our our our our our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later later later later later later later later later later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about about about about about about about about about about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the the the the the the the the the the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today today today today today today today today today today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being being being being being being being being being being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being being being being being being being being being being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If If If If If If If If If If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a a a a a a a a a a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how how how how how how how how how how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually going to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some some some some some some some some some some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording from from from from from from from from from from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will will will will will will will will will will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the the the the the the the the the the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not not not not not not not not not not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part part part part part part part part part part of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less less less less less less less less less less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's episode's episode's episode's episode's episode's episode's episode's episode's episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the the the the the the the the the the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to to to to to to to to to to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break break break break break break break break break break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will will will will will will will will will will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have have have have have have have have have have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a a a a a a a a a a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either either either either either either either either either either because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head head head head head head head head head head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? now now now now now now now now now Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is is is is is is is is is is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I I I I I I I I I I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The The The The The The The The The The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few few few few few few few few few few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the the the the the the the the the the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is is is is is is is is is is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they they they they they they they they they they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there there there there there there there there there there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about about about about about about about about about about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and and and and and and and and and and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were were were were were were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and and and and and and and and and and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death of of of of of of of of of of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played in the the the the the the the the the the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters shouters shouters shouters shouters shouters shouters shouters shouters shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the the the the the the the the the the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I I I I I I I I I I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom. Where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another another another another another another another another another another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the the the the the the the the the the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the the the the the the the the the the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So So So So So So So So So So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or or or or or or or or or or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help help help help help help help help help help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that that that that that that that that that that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do do do do do do do do do do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more more more more more more more more more more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here here here here here here here here here here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You You You You You You You You You You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for for for for for for for for for for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and and and and and and and and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and and and and and and and and and and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free free free free free free free free free free to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What What What What What What What What What What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be be be be be be be be be be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want want want want want want want want want want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us us us us us us us us us us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something something something something something something something something something something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we we we we we we we we we we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would would would would would would would would would would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy spy spy spy spy spy spy spy spy spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a a a a a a a a a a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here here here here here here here here here here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into into into into into into into into into into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out out out out out out out out out out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years years years years years years years years years years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child child child child child child child child child child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the the the the the the the the the the proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders offenders offenders offenders offenders offenders offenders offenders offenders offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was was was was was was was was was was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to to to to to to to to to to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its its its its its its its its its its calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and and and and and and and and and and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a a a a a a a a a a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the the the the the the the the the the meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back back back back back back back back back back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I I I I I I I I I I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to to to to to to to to to to do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will will will will will will will will will will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big big big big big big big big big big fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an an an an an an an an an an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his his his his his his his his his his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land land land land land land land land land land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and and and and and and and and and and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which which which which which which which which which which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for for for for for for for for for for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to to to to to to to to to to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which which which which which which which which which which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My My My My My My My My My My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share share share share share share share share share share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for for for for for for for for for for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year year year year year year year year year year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always always always always always always always always always always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life life life life life life life life life life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people people people people people people people people people people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know know know know know know know know know know him from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power power power power power power power power power power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of of of of of of of of of of things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had had had had had had had had had had to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, us, us, us, us, us, us, us, us, us, imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the the the the the the the the the the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir stir stir stir stir stir stir stir stir stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to to to to to to to to to to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person person person person person person person person person person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And And And And And And And And And And if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my my my my my my my my my my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a a a a a a a a a a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to to to to to to to to to to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to to to to to to to to to to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other other other other other other other other other other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on on on on on on on on on on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where where where where where where where where where where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like like like like like like like like like like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into into into into into into into into into into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we we we we we we we we we we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I I I I I I I I I I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I I I I I I I I I I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the the the the the the the the the the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I I I I I I I I I I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you you you you you you you you you you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and and and and and and and and and and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not not not not not not not not not not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode 52 52 52 52 52 52 52 52 52 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special special special special special special special special special special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life life life life life life life life life life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and and and and and and and and and and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a a a a a a a a a a bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story story story story story story story story story story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country country country country country country country country country country. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much much much much much much much much much much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your your your your your your your your your your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest largest largest largest largest largest largest largest largest largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an an an an an an an an an an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great great great great great great great great great great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to to to to to to to to to to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you you you you you you you you you you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online online online online online online online online online online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team Team Team Team Team Team Team Team Team Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I I I I I I I I I I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has has has has has has has has has has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the the the the the the the the the the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at at at at at at at at at at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put put put put put put put put put put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That That That That That That That That That That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York York York York York York York York York York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline decline decline decline decline decline decline decline decline decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice rice rice rice rice rice rice rice rice rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a a a a a a a a a a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else else else else else else else else else else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already already already already already already already already already already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back back back back back back back back back back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was was was was was was was was was was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in in in in in in in in in in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being being being being being being being being being being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you you you you you you you you you you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to to to to to to to to to to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has has has has has has has has has has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get get get get get get get get get get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still still still still still still still still still still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another another another another another another another another another another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure secure secure secure secure secure secure secure secure secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that that that that that that that that that that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he he he he he he he he he he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would would would would would would would would would would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right right right right right right right right right right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like like like like like like like like like like I don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self self self self self self self self self self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my my my my my my my my my my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because because because because because because because because because because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and and and and and and and and and and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of of of of of of of of of of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another another another another another another another another another another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health health health health health health health health health health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could could could could could could could could could could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need need need need need need need need need need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so so so so so so so so so so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make make make make make make make make make make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or go to to to to to to to to to to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is is is is is is is is is is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with you you you you you you you you you you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is is is is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by by by by by by by by by by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as as as as as as as as as as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out out out out out out out out out out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to to to to to to to to to to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is is is is is is is is is is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at at at at at at at at at at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the the the the the the the the the the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we we we we we we we we we we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the the the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and and and and and and and and and and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I I I I I I I I I I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with with with with with with with with with with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having having having having having having having having having having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but but but but but but but but but but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it it it it it it it it it it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks later later later later later later later later later later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the last year year year year year year year year year year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the the the the the the the the the the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place place place place place place place place place place and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to to to to to to to to to to your knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you you you you you you you you you you hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how how how how how how how how how how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if if if if if if if if if if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days days days days days days days days days days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things things things things things things things things things things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or or or or or or or or or or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and and and and and and and and and and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right right right right right right right right right right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join join join join join join join join join join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in in in in in in in in in in Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very very very very very very very very very very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what what what what what what what what what what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from from from from from from from from from from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found found found found found found found found found found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that that that that that that that that that that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you you you you you you you you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may may may may may may may may may may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid Aid Aid Aid Aid Aid Aid Aid Aid Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those those those those those those those those those those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us us us us us us us us us us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No No No No No No No No No No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go go go go go go go go go go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or or or or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is the the the the the the the the the the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at at at at at at at at at at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a a a a a a a a a a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome dome dome dome dome dome dome dome dome dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it it it it it it it it it it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started started started started started started started started started started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we we we we we we we we we we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I I I I I I I I I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to to to to to to to to to to you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the the the the the the the the the the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few few few few few few few few few few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on on on on on on on on on on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three three three three three three three three three three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high high high high high high high high high high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a a a a a a a a a a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of of of of of of of of of of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and and and and and and and and and and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to to to to to to to to to to go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So So So So So So So So So So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now now now now now now now now now now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket socket socket socket socket socket socket socket socket socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered entered entered entered entered entered entered entered entered entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so so so so so so so so so so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? think think think think think think think think think It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I I I I I I I I I I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with with with with with with with with with with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women women women women women women women women women women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of of of of of of of of of of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what what what what what what what what what what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It It It It It It It It It It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other other other other other other other other other other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to to to to to to to to to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of of of of of of of of of of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car. My My My My My My My My My My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had had had had had had had had had had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of of of of of of of of of of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the the the the the the the the the the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put put put put put put put put put put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other other other other other other other other other other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if if if if if if if if if if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another another another another another another another another another another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special special special special special special special special special special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your your your your your your your your your your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe you you you you you you you you you you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which which which which which which which which which which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and and and and and and and and and and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties besties besties besties besties besties besties besties besties besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in in in in in in in in in in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during during during during during during during during during during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to to to to to to to to to to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have have have have have have have have have have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group group group group group group group group group group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people people people people people people people people people people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get get get get get get get get get get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we are are are are are are are are are are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it it it it it it it it it it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all all all all all all all all all all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have have have have have have have have have have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And And And And And And And And And And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels angels angels angels angels angels angels angels angels angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of of of of of of of of of of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with with with with with with with with with with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be be be be be be be be be be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking waking waking waking waking waking waking waking waking waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all all all all all all all all all all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was was was was was was was was was was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when when when when when when when when when when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and and and and and and and and and and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this this this this this this this this this this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as as as as as as as as as as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of of of of of of of of of of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the the the the the the the the the the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If If If If If If If If If If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the the the the the the the the the the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which which which which which which which which which which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been been been been been been been been been been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the the the the the the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help help help help help help help help help help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True True True True True True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will will will will will will will will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and and and and and and and and and and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are are are are are are are are are are here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some some some some some some some some some some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just just just just just just just just just just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with with with with with with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this this this this this this this this this this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been been been been been been been been been been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it it it it it it it it it it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just just just just just just just just just just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come come come come come come come come come come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time time time time time time time time time time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late late late late late late late late late late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came came came came came came came came came came to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a a a a a a a a a a lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but but but but but but but but but but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get get get get get get get get get get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I I I I I I I I I I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here here here here here here here here here here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my my my my my my my my my my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and and and and and and and and and and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known known known known known known known known known known truth because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views Views Views Views Views Views Views Views Views Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by by by by by by by by by by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for for for for for for for for for for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room room room room room room room room room room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here here here here here here here here here here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can can can can can can can can can can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known known known known known known known known known known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every every every every every every every every every every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here here here here here here here here here here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under under under under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for for for for for for for for for for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the the the the the the the the the the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your your your your your your your your your your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a a a a a a a a a a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like like like like like like like like like like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space space space space space space space space space space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all all all all all all all all all all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back back back back back back back back back back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he he he he he he he he he he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later later later later later later later later later later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for for for for for for for for for for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just just just just just just just just just just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few few few few few few few few few few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and and and and and and and and and and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week week week week week week week week week week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and and and and and and and and and and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And And And And And And And And And And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I I I I I I I I I I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic chronic chronic chronic chronic chronic chronic chronic chronic chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he he he he he he he he he he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for for for for for for for for for for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in in in in in in in in in in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my my my my my my my my my my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a a a a a a a a a a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really really really really really really really really really really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down down down down down down down down down down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get get get get get get get get get get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why why why why why why why why why why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as as as as as as as as as as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for for for for for for for for for for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app app app app app app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to to to to to to to to to to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to to to to to to to to to to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art Art Art Art Art Art Art Art Art Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by by by by by by by by by by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and and and and and and and and and and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her her her her her her her her her her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about about about about about about about about about about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this this this this this this this this this this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we we we we we we we we we we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's free free free free free free free free free free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of of of of of of of of of of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure at at at at at at at at at at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us us us us us us us us us us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to to to to to to to to to to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today today today today today today today today today today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some some some some some some some some some some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really really really really really really really really really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this this this this this this this this this this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to to to to to to to to to to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do do do do do do do do do do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you you you you you you you you you you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to to to to to to to to to to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go go go go go go go go go go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on on on on on on on on on on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we we we we we we we we we we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you you you you you you you you you you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used used used used used used used used used used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like like like like like like like like like like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want want want want want want want want want want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of of of of of of of of of of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you you you you you you you you you you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt dealt dealt dealt dealt dealt dealt dealt dealt dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age age age age age age age age age age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was was was was was was was was was was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up up up up up up up up up up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through through through through through through through through through through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different different different different different different different different different different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for for for for for for for for for for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to to to to to to to to to to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing nearing nearing nearing nearing nearing nearing nearing nearing nearing the beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will will will will will will will will will will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really really really really really really really really really really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you you you you you you you you you you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch merch merch merch merch merch merch merch merch merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / / / / / / / / / / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom. Doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We We We We We We We We We We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs. There There There There There There There There There There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team team team team team team team team team team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of of of of of of of of of of remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to to to to to to to to to to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I I I I I I I I I I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to to to to to to to to to to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and and and and and and and and and and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having having having having having having having having having having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and and and and and and and and and and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be be be be be be be be be be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best best best best best best best best best best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on on on on on on on on on on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to to to to to to to to to to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was was was was was was was was was was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir stir stir stir stir stir stir stir stir stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and and and and and and and and and and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you you you you you you you you you you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for for for for for for for for for for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your your your your your your your your your your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from from from from from from from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the the the the the the the the the the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the the the the the the the the the the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a a a a a a a a a a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a a a a a a a a a a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we we we we we we we we we we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free free free free free free free free free free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one one one one one one one one one one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I I I I I I I I I I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been been been been been been been been been been a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the the the the the the the the the the dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last last last last last last last last last last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host host host host host host host host host host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in in in in in in in in in in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers foilers foilers foilers foilers foilers foilers foilers foilers foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to to to to to to to to to to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but but but but but but but but but but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James James James James James James James James James James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to to to to to to to to to to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they they they they they they they they they they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name name name name name name name name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We We We We We We We We We We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an an an an an an an an an an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we we we we we we we we we we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and and and and and and and and and and you always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it it it it it it it it it it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men men men men men men men men men men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of of of of of of of of of of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in in in in in in in in in in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by by by by by by by by by by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the the the the the the the the the the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our our our our our our our our our our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get get get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you you you you you you you you you you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this this this this this this this this this this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business business business business business business business business business business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day day day day day day day day day day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of of of of of of of of of of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week week week week week week week week week week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the the the the the the the the the the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them them them them them them them them them them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for for for for for for for for for for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row row row row row row row row row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today today today today today today today today today today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want want want want want want want want want want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a a a a a a a a a a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can can can can can can can can can can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link link link link link link link link link link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all all all all all all all all all all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question question question question question question question question question question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that that that that that that that that that that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? sale sale sale sale sale sale sale sale sale So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go go go go go go go go go go over a couple different options you have and then let you know what I I I I I I I I I I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human being being being being being being being being being being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two two two two two two two two two two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our our our our our our our our our our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is is is is is is is is is is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you you you you you you you you you you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and and and and and and and and and and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and and and and and and and and and and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the the the the the the the the the the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written written written written written written written written written written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this this this this this this this this this this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are are are are are are are are are are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at at at at at at at at at at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this this this this this this this this this this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every every every every every every every every every every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place place place place place place place place place place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everybody. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words words words words words words words words words words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this this this this this this this this this this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So So So So So So So So So So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just just just just just just just just just just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going going going going going going going going going going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from from from from from from from from from from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that that that that that that that that that that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and and and and and and and and and and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you you you you you you you you you you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to download download download download download download download download download download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not not not not not not not not not not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I I I I I I I I I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we we we we we we we we we we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we we we we we we we we we we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers. We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we we we we we we we we we we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or or or or or or or or or or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would would would would would would would would would would be under a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I I I I I I I I I I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the the the the the the the the the the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here here here here here here here here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here here here here here here here here here here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having having having having having having having having having having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because because because because because because because because because because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like like like like like like like like like like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such such such such such such such such such such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a a a a a a a a a a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live live live live live live live live live live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So So So So So So So So So So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So So So So So So So So So So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able able able able able able able able able able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this this this this this this this this this this month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the the the the the the the the the the discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long long long long long long long long long long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the the the the the the the the the the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know know know know know know know know know know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a a a a a a a a a a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As As As As As As As As As As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one one one one one one one one one one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no no no no no no no no no no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today today today today today today today today today today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what what what what what what what what what what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with with with with with with with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about about about about about about about about about about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up up up up up up up up up up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very very very very very very very very very very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which which which which which which which which which which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where where where where where where where where where where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as as as as as as as as as as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security security security security security security security security security security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the the the the the the the the the the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a a a a a a a a a a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to to to to to to to to to to offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a a a a a a a a a a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and and and and and and and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the the the the the the the the the the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and and and and and and and and and and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your your your your your your your your your your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the the the the the the the the the the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was Was Was Was Was Was Was Was Was Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named named named named named named named named named named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but but but but but but but but but but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a a a a a a a a a a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more more more more more more more more more more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with with with with with with with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take take take take take take take take take take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super super super super super super super super super super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she she she she she she she she she she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I I I I I I I I I I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you you you you you you you you you you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the the the the the the the the the the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of of of of of of of of of of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things things things things things things things things things things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and and and and and and and and and and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with with with with with with with with with with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I I I I I I I I I I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what what what what what what what what what what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper upper upper upper upper upper upper upper upper upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your your your your your your your your your your boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got got got got got got got got got got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our our our our our our our our our our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only only only only only only only only only only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the the the the the the the the the the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do do do do do do do do do do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that that that that that that that that that that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what what what what what what what what what what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then then then then then then then then then then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started started started started started started started started started started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share share share share share share share share share share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and and and and and and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in in in in in in in in in in life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because because because because because because because because because because the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going going going going going going going going going going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always always always always always always always always always always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really really really really really really really really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days days days days days days days days days days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a a a a a a a a a a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and and and and and and and and and and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or or or or or or or or or or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who who who who who who who who who who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This This This This This This This This This This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we we we we we we we we we we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on on on on on on on on on on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the the the the the the the the the the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is is is is is is is is is is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that that that that that that that that that that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the the the the the the the the the the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have have have have have have have have have have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of of of of of of of of of of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that that that that that that that that that that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a a a a a a a a a a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known known known known known known known known known known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get get get get get get get get get get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She She She She She She She She She She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends Friends Friends Friends Friends Friends Friends Friends Friends Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served served served served served served served served served served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are are are are are are are are are are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in in in in in in in in in in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first first first first first first first first first first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I I I I I I I I I I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the the the the the the the the the the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices choices choices choices choices choices choices choices choices choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of of of of of of of of of of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a a a a a a a a a a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can can can can can can can can can can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here here here here here here here here here here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so so so so so so so so so so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to to to to to to to to to to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are are are are are are are are are are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our our our our our our our our our our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express express express express express express express express express express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And And And And And And And And And And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would would would would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If If If If If If If If If If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need need need need need need need need need need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just just just just just just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it it it it it it it it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I I I I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also also also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come come come come come come come come come come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to to to to to to to to to to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on on on on on on on on on on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love love love love love love love love love love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of of of of of of of of of of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the the the the the the the the the the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those those those those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of of of of of of of of of of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the the the the the the the the the the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my my my my my my my my my my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a a a a a a a a a a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels travels travels travels travels travels travels travels travels travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for for for for for for for for for for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with with with with with with with with with with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something something something something something something something something something something. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your your your your your your your your your your entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in in in in in in in in in in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your your your your your your your your your your boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest from way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out out out out out out out out out out who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? up up up up up up up up up Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It It It It It It It It It It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I I I I I I I I I I get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we we we we we we we we we we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you you you you you you you you you you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already already already already already already already already already already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back back back back back back back back back back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right right right right right right right right right right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you you you you you you you you you you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it it it it it it it it it it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of of of of of of of of of of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on on on on on on on on on on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of of of of of of of of of of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that that that that that that that that that that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source Source Source Source Source Source Source Source Source Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as as as as as as as as as as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of of of of of of of of of of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we we we we we we we we we we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of of of of of of of of of of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was was was was was was was was was was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she she she she she she she she she she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well well well well well well well well well well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to to to to to to to to to to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here here here here here here here here here here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It It It It It It It It It It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with with with with with with with with with with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the the the the the the the the the the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is is is is is is is is is is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the the the the the the the the the the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for for for for for for for for for for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the the the the the the the the the the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women women women women women women women women women women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save save save save save save save save save save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the the the the the the the the the the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It It It It It It It It It It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help help help help help help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through through through through through through through through through through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in in in in in in in in in in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant Kant Kant Kant Kant Kant Kant Kant Kant Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an an an an an an an an an an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life life life life life life life life life life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and and and and and and and and and and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to to to to to to to to to to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us us us us us us us us us us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not not not not not not not not not not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you you you you you you you you you you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to to to to to to to to to to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which which which which which which which which which which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both both both both both both both both both both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The The The The The The The The The The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there there there there there there there there there there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the the the the the the the the the the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including including including including including including including including including including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about about about about about about about about about about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If If If If If If If If If If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all all all all all all all all all all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day day day day day day day day day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the the the the the the the the the the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on on on on on on on on on on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at at at at at at at at at at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that that that that that that that that that that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on on on on on on on on on on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the the the the the the the the the the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past past past past past past past past past past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my my my my my my my my my my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to to to to to to to to to to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there there there there there there there there there there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right right right right right right right right right right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to have have have have have have have have have have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is is is is is is is is is is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their their their their their their their their their their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to to to to to to to to to to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in in in in in in in in in in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out out out out out out out out out out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a a a a a a a a a a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so so so so so so so so so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any any any any any any any any any any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now now now now now now now now now now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News News News News News News News News News News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and and and and and and and and and and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee committee committee committee committee committee committee committee committee committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and and and and and and and and and and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this this this this this this this this this this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to to to to to to to to to to date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who who who who who who who who who who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the the the the the the the the the the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them them them them them them them them them them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again again again again again again again again again again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send send send send send send send send send send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that that that that that that that that that that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started started started started started started started started started started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there there there there there there there there there there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a a a a a a a a a a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This This This This This This This This This This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you you you you you you you you you you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in in in in in in in in in in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now now now now now now now now now now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night night night night night night night night night night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other other other other other other other other other other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going going going going going going going going going going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? not not not not not not not not not Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did did did did did did did did did did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So So So So So So So So So So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a a a a a a a a a a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best best best best best best best best best best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it it it it it it it it it it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's people's people's people's people's people's people's people's people's people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to to to to to to to to to to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website website website website website website website website website website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you you you you you you you you you you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see see see see see see see see see see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how how how how how how how how how how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so so so so so so so so so so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to to to to to to to to to to this. You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to to to to to to to to to to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about about about about about about about about about about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for for for for for for for for for for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this this this this this this this this this this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy seeing you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about about about about about about about about about about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I I I I I I I I I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school school school school school school school school school school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I I I I I I I I I I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in in in in in in in in in in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that that that that that that that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in in in in in in in in in in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get get get get get get get get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so so so so so so so so so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other other other other other other other other other other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now now now now now now now now now now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if if if if if if if if if if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today today today today today today today today today today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show show show show show show show show show show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like like like like like like like like like like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a a a a a a a a a a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have have have have have have have have have have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the the the the the the the the the the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that that that that that that that that that that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up up up up up up up up up up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music music music music music music music music music music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will will will will will will will will will will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as as as as as as as as as as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going going going going going going going going going going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right right right right right right right right right right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the the the the the the the the the the one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we we we we we we we we we we are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the the the the the the the the the the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order order order order order order order order order order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino Valentino male. Hello. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss are both of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and and and and and and and and and and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want want want want want want want want want want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in in in in in in in in in in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when I was in in in in in in in in in in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just just just just just just just just just just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with with with with with with with with with with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me me me me me me me me me me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best best best best best best best best best best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and and and and and and and and and and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or or or or or or or or or or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if if if if if if if if if if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with with with with with with with with with with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover discover discover discover discover discover discover discover discover discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New New New New New New New New New New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the the the the the the the the the the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me me me me me me me me me me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have have have have have have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red red red red red red red red red red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated automated automated automated automated automated automated automated automated automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the the the the the the the the the the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to order order order order order order order order order order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of of of of of of of of of of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be be be be be be be be be be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some some some some some some some some some some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode contains strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated. She didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole thing was was was was was was was was was was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the big big big big big big big big big big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved in in in in in in in in in in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not not not not not not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is is is is is is is is is is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know know know know know know know know know know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that that that that that that that that that that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special special special special special special special special special special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It It It It It It It It It It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the the the the the the the the the the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a a a a a a a a a a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which which which which which which which which which which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our our our our our our our our our our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the help help help help help help help help help help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for for for for for for for for for for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but but but but but but but but but but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first first first first first first first first first first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let let let let let let let let let let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to to to to to to to to to to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so so so so so so so so so so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this this this this this this this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I I I I I I I I I I prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your your your your your your your your your your relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go go go go go go go go go go I can't go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe stretching it here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just just just just just just just just just just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series series series series series series series series series series next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got got got got got got got got got got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really really really really really really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first first first first first first first first first first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you you you you you you you you you you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to to to to to to to to to to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you you you you you you you you you you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really really really really really really really really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take take take take take take take take take take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to to to to to to to to to to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I I I I I I I I I I am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting which you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good good good good good good good good good good. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are are are are are are are are are are you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about about about about about about about about about about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new new new new new new new new new new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of of of of of of of of of of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some some some some some some some some some some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the the the the the the the the the the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved craved craved craved craved craved craved craved craved craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My My My My My My My My My My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that that that that that that that that that that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that that that that that that that that that that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of of of of of of of of of of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do do do do do do do do do do you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of of of of of of of of of of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their their their their their their their their their their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency agency agency agency agency agency agency agency agency agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East East East East East East East East East East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will will will will will will will will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing cussing cussing cussing cussing cussing cussing cussing cussing cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with with with with with with with with with with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that that that that that that that that that that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the the the the the the the the the the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a a a a a a a a a a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is is is is is is is is is is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other other other other other other other other other other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can can can can can can can can can can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights rights rights rights rights rights rights rights rights rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this this this this this this this this this this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to to to to to to to to to to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's an idea that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make make make make make make make make make make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here here here here here here here here here here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So So So So So So So So So So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what what what what what what what what what what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we we we we we we we we we we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so so so so so so so so so so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us us us us us us us us us us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one one one one one one one one one one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in in in in in in in in in in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really really really really really really really really really really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good good good good good good good good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results results results results results results results results results results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got got got got got got got got got got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at at at at at at at at at at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed listed listed listed listed listed listed listed listed listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for for for for for for for for for for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so so so so so so so so so so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much much much much much much much much much much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was was was was was was was was was was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I I I I I I I I I I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is is is is is is is is is is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having having having having having having having having having having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to to to to to to to to to to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the the the the the the the the the the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did did did did did did did did did did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a a a a a a a a a a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you you you you you you you you you you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This This This This This This This This This This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You You You You You You You You You You gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told told told told told told told told told told the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who who who who who who who who who who is the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am am am am am am am am am am free from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression and the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the the the the the the the the the the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I I I I I I I I I I am in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I I I I I I I I I I have the peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is is is is is is is is is is in me than he that is in the world. I have received the power of of of of of of of of of of the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new new new new new new new new new new I have been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my my my my my my my my my my God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all all all all all all all all all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through through through through through through through through through through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? you you you you you you you you you I'm good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to to to to to to to to to to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How How How How How How How How How How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im im im im im im im im im im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today today today today today today today today today today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were were were were were were were were were were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of of of of of of of of of of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I I I I I I I I I I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books books books books books books books books books books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to to to to to to to to to to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page page page page page page page page page page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can can can can can can can can can can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by by by by by by by by by by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than than than than than than than than than than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have have have have have have have have have have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and and and and and and and and and and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those those those those those those those those those those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your your your your your your your your your your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you you you you you you you you you you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We We We We We We We We We We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is is is is is is is is is is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free free free free free free free free free free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a a a a a a a a a a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try try try try try try try try try try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children children children children children children children children children children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The The The The The The The The The The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi misogi misogi misogi misogi misogi misogi misogi misogi misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a a a a a a a a a a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on on on on on on on on on on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you you you you you you you you you you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was was was was was was was was was was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train train train train train train train train train train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this this this this this this this this this this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a a a a a a a a a a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a a a a a a a a a a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm just just just just just just just just just just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work work work work work work work work work work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and and and and and and and and and and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star star star star star star star star star star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True True True True True True True True True True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is is is is is is is is is is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what what what what what what what what what what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and and and and and and and and and and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was was was was was was was was was was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the the the the the the the the the the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University University University University University University University University University University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some some some some some some some some some some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to to to to to to to to to to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to to to to to to to to to to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of the the the the the the the the the the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go go go go go go go go go go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is is is is is is is is is is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a a a a a a a a a a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the the the the the the the the the the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of of of of of of of of of of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the the the the the the the the the the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was was was was was was was was was was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those those those those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the the the the the the the the the the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the the the the the the the the the the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no no no no no no no no no no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to to to to to to to to to to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break break break break break break break break break break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do do do do do do do do do do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you you you you you you you you you you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you you you you you you you you you you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up up up up up up up up up up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with with with with with with with with with with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with with with with with with with with with with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to to to to to to to to to to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father father father father father father father father father father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host host host host host host host host host host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have have have have have have have have have have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it it it it it it it it it it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for for for for for for for for for for 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? on on on on on on on on on Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on on on on on on on on on on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my my my my my my my my my my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We We We We We We We We We We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your your your your your your your your your your Checkmate your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today today today today today today today today today today. I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times times times times times times times times times times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after after after after after after after after after after reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? source source source source source source source source source I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to to to to to to to to to to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history history history history history history history history history history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also also also also also also also also also also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with with with with with with with with with with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for for for for for for for for for for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of of of of of of of of of of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this this this this this this this this this this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real real real real real real real real real real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants pants pants pants pants pants pants pants pants pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey grey grey grey grey grey grey grey grey grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me me me me me me me me me me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about about about about about about about about about about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me me me me me me me me me me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And And And And And And And And And And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them them them them them them them them them them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one one one one one one one one one one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to to to to to to to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July July July July July July July July July July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and and and and and and and and and and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and and and and and and and and and and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about about about about about about about about about about the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I I I I I I I I I I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at at at at at at at at at at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word word word word word word word word word word of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word word word word word word word word word word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related related related related related related related related related related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have have have have have have have have have have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a a a a a a a a a a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is is is is is is is is is is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as as as as as as as as as as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our our our our our our our our our our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name name name name name name name name name name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My My My My My My My My My My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at at at at at at at at at at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by by by by by by by by by by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from from from from from from from from from from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but but but but but but but but but but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always always always always always always always always always always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any any any any any any any any any any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top top top top top top top top top top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would would would would would would would would would would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we we we we we we we we we we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for for for for for for for for for for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people people people people people people people people people people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D D D D D D D D D D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have have have have have have have have have have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very very very very very very very very very very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me me me me me me me me me me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for for for for for for for for for for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into into into into into into into into into into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question question question question question question question question question question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on on on on on on on on on on here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number Number Number Number Number Number Number Number Number Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from from from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four four four four four four four four four four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a a a a a a a a a a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to to to to to to to to to to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we we we we we we we we we we get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or big big big big big big big big big big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want want want want want want want want want want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the the the the the the the the the the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to to to to to to to to to to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end end end end end end end end end end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It It It It It It It It It It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you you you you you you you you you you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so so so so so so so so so so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be be be be be be be be be be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World World World World World World World World World World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may may may may may may may may may may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as as as as as as as as as as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way way way way way way way way way way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I I I I I I I I I I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a a a a a a a a a a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the the the the the the the the the the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a a a a a a a a a a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small small small small small small small small small small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the the the the the the the the the the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the the the the the the the the the the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert convert convert convert convert convert convert convert convert convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can can can can can can can can can can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is is is is is is is is is is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on on on on on on on on on on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there there there there there there there there there there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in in in in in in in in in in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on on on on on on on on on on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the the the the the the the the the the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new new new new new new new new new new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the the the the the the the the the the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they they they they they they they they they they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by by by by by by by by by by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in in in in in in in in in in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I I I I I I I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case case case case case case case case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of of of of of of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American American American American American American American American American American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here here here here here here here here here here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and and and and and and and and and and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they they they they they they they they they they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that that that that that that that that that that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened evened evened evened evened evened evened evened evened evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by by by by by by by by by by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something like like like like like like like like like like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and and and and and and and and and and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for for for for for for for for for for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about about about about about about about about about about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them them them them them them them them them them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on on on on on on on on on on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was was was was was was was was was was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with with with with with with with with with with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED LED LED LED LED LED LED LED LED LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this this this this this this this this this this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start start start start start start start start start start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the the the the the the the the the the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do our wine wine wine wine wine wine wine wine wine wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with something something something something something something something something something something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I I I I I I I I I I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out out out out out out out out out out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today today today today today today today today today today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back back back back back back back back back back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My My My My My My My My My My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of of of of of of of of of of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us us us us us us us us us us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are are are are are are are are are are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so so so so so so so so so so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the the the the the the the the the the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? story story story story story story story story story I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called called called called called called called called called three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is is is is is is is is is is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every every every every every every every every every every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a a a a a a a a a a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your your your your your your your your your your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez Rodriguez. And this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in in in in in in in in in in mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born born born born born born born born born born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you you you you you you you you you you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information information information information information information information information information information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put put put put put put put put put put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right right right right right right right right right right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near near near near near near near near near near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good good good good good good good good good good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story story story story story story story story story story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father father father father father father father father father father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up up up up up up up up up up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not not not not not not not not not not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to to to to to to to to to to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they they they they they they they they they they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act act act act act act act act act act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as as as as as as as as as as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short short short short short short short short short short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He He He He He He He He He He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known known known known known known known known known known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has has has has has has has has has has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the the the the the the the the the the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he he he he he he he he he he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that you you you you you you you you you you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to to to to to to to to to to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to to to to to to to to to to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good five five five five five five five five five five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I think think think think think think think think think think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move move move move move move move move move move dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried buried buried buried buried buried buried buried buried buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away away away away away away away away away away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have have have have have have have have have have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to to to to to to to to to to steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ HQ HQ HQ HQ HQ HQ HQ HQ HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want want want want want want want want want want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We We We We We We We We We We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like like like like like like like like like like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time time time time time time time time time time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he he he he he he he he he he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far if if if if if if if if if if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you you you you you you you you you you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about about about about about about about about about about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are are are are are are are are are are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record record record record record record record record record record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the the the the the the the the the the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different different different different different different different different different different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we we we we we we we we we we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make make make make make make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you you you you you you you you you you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As As As As As As As As As As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so so so so so so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you you you you you you you you you you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't have both you you you you you you you you you you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This is is is is is is is is is is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over over over over over over over over over over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this this this this this this this this this this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you you you you you you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started started started started started started started started started started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times times times times times times times times times times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times times times times times times times times times times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first first first first first first first first first first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the the the the the the the the the the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going going going going going going going going going going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things things things things things things things things things things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in in in in in in in in in in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and and and and and and and and and and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said said said said said said said said said said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are are are are are are are are are are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of of of of of of of of of of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a a a a a a a a a a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can can can can can can can can can can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about about about about about about about about about about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and and and and and and and and and and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of of of of of of of of of of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of of of of of of of of of of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based based based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in in in in in in in in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through through through through through through through through through through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people people people people people people people people people people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have have have have have have have have have have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the the the the the the the the the the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups ups ups ups ups ups ups ups ups ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and and and and and and and and and and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a a a a a a a a a a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to to to to to to to to to to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I I I I I I I I I I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to to to to to to to to to to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it it it it it it it it it it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always always always always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how they they they they they they they they they they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math math math math math math math math math math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add add add add add add add add add add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to to to to to to to to to to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means means means means means means means means means means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may may may may may may may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within within within within within within within within within within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she she she she she she she she she she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this this this this this this this this this this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I I I I I I I I I I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son son son son son son son son son son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very very very very very very very very very very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a a a a a a a a a a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for for for for for for for for for for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going going going going going going going going going going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to to to to to to to to to to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had had had had had had had had had had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning functioning functioning functioning functioning functioning functioning functioning functioning functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message message message message message message message message message message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision decision decision decision decision decision decision decision decision decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into into into into into into into into into into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that that that that that that that that that that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify classify classify classify classify classify classify classify classify classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We We We We We We We We We We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am am am am am am am am am am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today today today today today today today today today today. First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It It It It It It It It It It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a a a a a a a a a a lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I I I I I I I I I I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 272 272 272 272 272 272 272 272 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played played played played played played played played played played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until until until until until until until until until until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain Cain Cain Cain Cain Cain Cain Cain Cain Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before before before before before before before before before before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in in in in in in in in in in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love love love love love love love love love love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking like what in the world does not even know like what is is is is is is is is is is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I I I I I I I I I I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way way way way way way way way way way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you you you you you you you you you you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me me me me me me me me me me this week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a a a a a a a a a a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they they they they they they they they they they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one one one one one one one one one one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this this this this this this this this this this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a a a a a a a a a a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying laying laying laying laying laying laying laying laying laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You You You You You You You You You You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want want want want want want want want want want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a a a a a a a a a a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have have have have have have have have have have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find find find find find find find find find find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your your your your your your your your your your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our our our our our our our our our our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so so so so so so so so so so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I I I I I I I I I I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to to to to to to to to to to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A A A A A A A A A A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This This This This This This This This This This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am am am am am am am am am am Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is is is is is is is is is is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the the the the the the the the the the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner learner learner learner learner learner learner learner learner learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My My My My My My My My My My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the the the the the the the the the the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and and and and and and and and and and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real real real real real real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like like like like like like like like like like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you you you you you you you you you you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and and and and and and and and and and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we we we we we we we we we we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people people people people people people people people people people to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are are are are are are are are are are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really really really really really really really really really really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you you you you you you you you you I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This This This This This This This This This This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a a a a a a a a a a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you you you you you you you you you you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we we we we we we we we we we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without without without without without without without without without without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So So So So So So So So So So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this this this this this this this this this this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started started started started started started started started started started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to record it it it it it it it it it it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that that that that that that that that that that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support support support support support support support support support support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain gain gain gain gain gain gain gain gain gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written written written written written written written written written written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the the the the the the the the the the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is is is is is is is is is is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is is is is is is is is is is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a a a a a a a a a a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the the the the the the the the the the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going going going going going going going going going going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This This This This This This This This This This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is is is is is is is is is is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been been been been been been been been been been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so many many many many many many many many many many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break break break break break break break break break break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like like like like like like like like like like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love love love love love love love love love love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in in in in in in in in in in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a a a a a a a a a a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in in in in in in in in in in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two two two two two two two two two two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on on on on on on on on on on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to to to to to to to to to to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to to to to to to to to to to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our our our our our our our our our our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with with with with with with with with with with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is is is is is is is is is is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I I I I I I I I I I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America America America America America America America America America America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of of of of of of of of of of your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the the the the the the the the the the mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need need need need need need need need need need to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because because because because because because because because because because I said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to to to to to to to to to to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at at at at at at at at at at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something something something something something something something something something something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it it it it it it it it it it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things things things things things things things things things things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week week week week week week week week week week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came came came came came came came came came came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of of of of of of of of of of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to to to to to to to to to to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number number number number number number number number number number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of of of of of of of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you you you you you you you you you you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The The The The The The The The The The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the the the the the the the the the the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what what what what what what what what what what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to to to to to to to to to to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to to to to to to to to to to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body body body body body body body body body body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will will will will will will will will will will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people people people people people people people people people people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week week week week week week week week week week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but but but but but but but but but but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the the the the the the the the the the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my my my my my my my my my my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of of of of of of of of of of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He He He He He He He He He He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we we we we we we we we we we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with with with with with with with with with with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of of of of of of of of of of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we we we we we we we we we we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and and and and and and and and and and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little little little little little little little little little little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in in in in in in in in in in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of of of of of of of of of of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing investing investing investing investing investing investing investing investing investing with our investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only only only only only only only only only only career or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by by by by by by by by by by defect McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and and and and and and and and and and investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to to to to to to to to to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because because because because because because because because because because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any any any any any any any any any any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and and and and and and and and and and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all all all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So So So So So So So So So So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like like like like like like like like like like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the the the the the the the the the the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11. What's your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book book book book book book book book book book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I I I I I I I I I I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do do do do do do do do do do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the the the the the the the the the the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in in in in in in in in in in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take take take take take take take take take take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for for for for for for for for for for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and and and and and and and and and and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in the the the the the the the the the the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I I I I I I I I I I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the the the the the the the the the the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that that that that that that that that that that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real real real real real real real real real real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is is is is is is is is is is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our our our our our our our our our our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call call call call call call call call call call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a a a a a a a a a a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all all all all all all all all all all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that that that that that that that that that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the the the the the the the the the the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the the the the the the the the the the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper and join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after after after after after after after after after after an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to to to to to to to to to to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to to to to to to to to to to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host host host host host host host host host host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by by by by by by by by by by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great great great great great great great great great great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a a a a a a a a a a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has has has has has has has has has has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some some some some some some some some some some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would would would would would would would would would would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able able able able able able able able able able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that that that that that that that that that that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it it it it it it it it it it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that that that that that that that that that that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I I I I I I I I I I will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last last last last last last last last last last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view view view view view view view view view view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text text text text text text text text text text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for for for for for for for for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he he he he he he he he he he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to to to to to to to to to to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the the the the the the the the the the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at at at at at at at at at at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share share share share share share share share share share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They They They They They They They They They They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place place place place place place place place place place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about about about about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that that that that that that that that that that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you you you you you you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up up up up up up up up up up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go go go go go go go go go go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to to to to to to to to to to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what what what what what what what what what what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least least least least least least least least least least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the the the the the the the the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do do do do do do do do do do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the the the the the the the the the the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the the the the the the the the the the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to to to to to to to to to to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now the the the the the the the the the the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be be be be be be be be be be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so so so so so so so so so so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as as as as as as as as as as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like like like like like like like like like like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you you you you you you you you you you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of of of of of of of of of of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up up up up up up up up up up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set set set set set set set set set set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do do do do do do do do do do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My My My My My My My My My My first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question question question question question question question question question question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day day day day day day day day day day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to to to to to to to to to to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making making making making making making making making making making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off off off off off off off off off off of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could could could could could could could could could could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you you you you you you you you you you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to to to to to to to to to to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at once once once once once once once once once once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of of of of of of of of of of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down down down down down down down down down down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy copy copy copy copy copy copy copy copy copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for for for for for for for for for for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send send send send send send send send send send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the the the the the the the the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our our our our our our our our our our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a a a a a a a a a a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week week week week week week week week week week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right right right right right right right right right right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very very very very very very very very very very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is is is is is is is is is is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have have have have have have have have have have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you you you you you you you you you you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of of of of of of of of of of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up up up up up up up up up up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why why why why why why why why why why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we we we we we we we we we we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
