Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show okay start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush brush like too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about about like different heroic women from history tonight. We've got we've got the story of of kuti Yoon, I mean one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient ancient times. In ancient times there you know was a kingdom in Asia called the the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by okay leaders called the cons and could a a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real real yeah, real good form um before we get to talking about anything and everything to do do with golf shafts. I like got to give a big thank you to to the man on the you know phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the the senior director of marketing Innovation for okay True Sports is golf division up true Sports Sports encompasses a lot. I know I know Don that like you have a lot of of product not just in the Gulf side, but so true also has what a a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct uh on all all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true okay Sports, Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle like like of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division well. I I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it so so it okay made sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to to True Temper sports well or to Templars were really just our golf division division. So yeah, we make a wide okay range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine nine playoff I mean winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back welcome back to to the podcast been a while. Yep, okay a lots changed since the few years years our last Co-op view you've gone from okay 3/4 it goes to, you know been very very rare. You're not been on the scoresheet I mean what's changed for you and your your career since In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting down the you know top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're We're looking back to April 30th okay 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles seles was only two games away from um clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the uh least of her problems problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt so the game. Celes is celes is is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here so every day to to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever like you get your your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old well well tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to welcome to to pardon my snark so the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he I mean listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And And and today we are shifting a little bit so. We are we are going going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with uh uh pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this this episode is well I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may may get a call from you know a listener, even though this isn't life life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question uh and then we'll just just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is I mean this If is is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel like like like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always always wanted to louder okay into the mind? It's just it's just a chapel chapel just as you just smack it down um six months because I it's it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's like get them a segment on on let's get enough signal and like be sure he like does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before before structured uh walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I yeah, I I think I think like duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think I I think teaching a dog how to you know do nothing for long periods of time time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm like a huge advocate of exercise exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, well but it's like I'm I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of you know proper diet diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not okay too too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how well well to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy like. It's It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on uh engagement engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're well well pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time uh the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we remember we must share share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, like go go for a wild wild ride with with the want to see cats, but beware the sweetest uh kittens have the sharpest claws claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild uh women Wild Wheels Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this on this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is is someone um who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the the podium. Odium I mean at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth forth. I'm you know trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk talk about beating like a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do do beat my wife. It's you it's you know because I don't have a wife wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring uh in a glass glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going well to start this this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we um um just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on okay one. Yeah Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode includes um discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution I mean for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969 1969. It was a good day for I mean fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant pregnant with forthcoming rain snow like melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's eLD Oregon's Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It well was the perfect condition for fish right right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the like cold muddy water searching for a spot spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled so down the river his I caught caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the I mean surface something large bigger than than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this episode uh is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a a huge like part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So So we're so actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different different theories about how adrenochrome okay has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with with in Hollywood. We are we are well going to give you some facts about about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we well give our shout shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest so way to make a a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's uh completely free. There's There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends okay Jay Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going we're going to feel better um um and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is this is sad, but but shower a podcast like where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to to share the Journey of um going from said, bitch. That bitch that bitch in in this first episode Jay and I so roll around the ideas. We have about about relationship to others and relationship to sell for you know six years. Yeah. It's It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to like go through and learn learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind okay of lived lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life life you know. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single asingle sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been been told well I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines sardines um underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of of sardines was uh powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop stop in its tracks and uh push it the other way tile friends. If If you if you want to change for better in this um industry, if if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a a well tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next podcast I mean is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be be active Navajo well may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well Well a big question mark like on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly a teacher who showed um a total Bachchan Cooper hottie hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the okay trial actually opco and they they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with with okay self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series well well were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families families. I'll so be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned tuned and follow me on uh Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and and follow as well um unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if if you miss a so week Weak don't worry. You can you can always come back back. So make sure that you subscribe okay that you shared this video this episode episode to your friends your family to anyone who so has a need to listen listen send it to them and I'll be more so than happy to send you a a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast like. Hey guys, welcome welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast podcast. This is uh no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about about giving up Perfection I mean or this idea of perfection for progress. And And for peace. I think I think that okay it's it's where we find peace peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like Just um it's The The Human Condition. I want I want you to know that every single person on on like planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're getting getting well it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused focused I mean on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm I'm gonna guarantee so like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast you know. Well, actually well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor anchor is a free app um that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All All you need well is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording recording the editing and um everything you need including music to help you make a professional professional quality sounding podcast like right from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or or it over to I mean Anchor FM to get started. In this in in this episode we look at very simple things. You okay can do in 5 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this uh uh is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with so only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on on okay your morning Bagel. Now where now where you get that big ol should be be the only subject so for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia um schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by so Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten okay. Thank you thank you note note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him I mean send him off off the Earth. What is what is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you you note um. I'm at I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz cuz I love them a I mean lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple Triple okay do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things things okay you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be be a you know comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast podcast to your mobile device uh is free and it's easy to use. You You can record while you're at home like. You can you can record on the go go. Some of some of you you travel for work like and you travel travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have um to do it it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you know you you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use so it to and and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time I mean mean for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing start brushing on the top top of your um mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week week where we I mean talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story story of two heroines Helen like Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who who are blind I mean and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more more than 100 years ago um. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't couldn't see or hear her world was like dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate communicate with her, but they couldn't figure okay out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast podcast in case we need like the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking jerking off or something like that. Yes um that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's it's really too bad. We couldn't have we you know we can't publish publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of well it it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, well same same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the you know know the it was still funny. I got I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of of well March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about like the latest latest in video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce bounce well around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening listening device of um choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we we got to change so the copy but what my one and only co-host is back back. Yeah brizard like Chase okay Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase Chase for being here - out I mean to chase you guys that was a a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase you know again for yeah step in in there. It was it was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber the fateful well day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be be born as he rushed so past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder thunder and a deluge of rain spattering um against the glass. He stopped he he stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd you know heard heard years before if you do. Do this do this evil thing you shall have um um an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers well well of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be be so devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those those words now his sin had like already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you uh uh so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you um enjoy enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our uh podcast that that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to to grow okay this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories stories going to uh get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be be doing with this. We I mean hope you like it. Also a big shout shout out to Eric case dude. Thank like thank like you so much for the software that that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of you know weeks of of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us I I mean for the sound quality at the moment. That's something that's something we're working on on. We're we're learning I mean. We're trying to figure out how to edit edit it and smooth everything out that's I mean best for your ear holes so that that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor the easiest like way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free free their creation um tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from from your phone um or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast podcast on anchor so that well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and any other streaming service you know you can really imagine you can make money from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and okay it's everything you need to make a a podcast. In one place just on their well app. So guys go download the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot okay f m-- to get started. What's What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast okay. We are we are glad glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just I mean having a a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab like like today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded okay London London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win like like the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals Royals well and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes minutes. No, well no, well uh that's segment is going to be about five minutes, minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show so. Hit when you'll see how long it is is about not listening to it. But before we get um into that, I'm just going to to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run I mean give you a rundown of the the all the games this weekend and I will well I'm going to talk about about something else as well. So first game and the I mean Wolves beat the flyers in in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted I wanted to take take a quick minute so and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you you haven't heard about anger, um it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast why you ask let me explain it's okay free. There's creation there's creation tools that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like from your phone or computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like so like it can be heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can um also make money from from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys well it's everything you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free um anchor app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to like the show. Hey Hey there, how are you? I hope I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen to I mean all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free free without a uh premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable imaginable topic you know plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never never miss an episode premium users um can download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening like to with your friends on on Instagram, so if you haven't done so um already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app app search for Optimal Health daily um on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your your library tab. Also, make sure to um follow me. So you never miss an an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is I mean Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to so build muscle fast by John. Romanello of of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find find I mean your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I so get get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take like like this opportunity to make a confession. I don't I don't what I do have our convictions convictions. I have I have uh theories. I have questions. I find I find find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay here like. Stop setting stop stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become evident evident that well A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are are my I mean confessions. To get to get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers Myers show.com Hello and welcome like to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero Shero. We're going we're going to talk about you know Prosperity today you guys before we we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni Jenni and I mean I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is is Leticia stop well who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon Gannon. Now, if okay you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day day well one the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, yes, we all I mean knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently impatiently for her to finally I mean be brought to justice for what she has has done and be arrested and it has finally okay happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do do with uploading I mean it and putting it online. But now we do it it was kind of complicated and okay confusing it was nice to have it all done done for us and we went through a like few different platforms, but eventually we we found anchor dot f m which is okay awesome and who we currently use now now it's free. It's got creation tools that um allow you to record and edit edit your podcast right from your phone or so computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on um Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over over the place and you can make money from you know your podcast with no no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, well guess what you you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think so it's worth worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast uh and do do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to to make well a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go to Anchor um dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to to welcome to the uh one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden golden age of like the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that that some 80 percenters uh were talking about it in motion value your wealth in in Bitcoin be a unique okay beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last the last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies Koozies in um my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know know send uh me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from from Krista, like so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure you you give okay me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also also I have um TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they they also have random Koozies um from like friends weddings that you've gone to I I dig it. I dig I dig so it. It's fucking like so okay. I may may have shot the wedding's it may it um may not even like been friends. I I don't know. I just know that when um we went to Niki's wedding we we did a koozie were who could steal the you know most Koozies and Monty had had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Hayley Bachmann and we I mean are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim aim is to provide you with okay well research in sight ideas personal personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships I mean where you live work and and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and that's and this okay is you you and everyone else. So in so in our first episode we kind of just wanted wanted okay to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what what we want this okay to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So So why so should you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good good introduction to kind okay of who we are what kind of identities identities we hold and what our hopes okay are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my my uh God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and and in specific embarrassing you know experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I I think he's okay. I'll okay I'll okay go first because I got a good good one. This happened just this morning. I see like all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also like like known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where okay okay we read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we well will will finally answer the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, I no, I I mean that's our other podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that that oh that actually that so still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long how long were were you sitting on that one? well How long was I sitting on the drag come? come Yeah. Well, give me the name okay of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Hey Noah, this is good book really you know. This is a good book. I just just looked at this cover. This is a good so book. I love this this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this I mean mean is my favorite cover. We've hit we've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the the U s-- well L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Scott Stewart here like for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all all of a sudden the uh 2020 season is upon us. We're just just days away from opening weekend. How is your uh off season first and foremost foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just like blacked out out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off you know and and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort sort so of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and and I I mean think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game game or um something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like like it's like uh what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal Montreal. I was I was just so like yeah, we're back in the swing of things things. We are good for okay real back in the swing of things were back back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give like like you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all all of your favorite you know artists and podcasts in one place. That's for that's for for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary I mean Spotify has a huge catalogue of of podcasts on every topic including the one you're so listening to right now and and you can follow those podcast. So you so you never miss an episode I mean you you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if and if if you are you know a premium user you can download episodes to listen to to offline no matter where you are I mean. So if so if you you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search I mean for optimal optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give uh uh us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see see what you know we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 647 what uh I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer podcast with um your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in in this well episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for for muscle gain, okay essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make make sure I mean that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the the episode. Hello, like Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is is this is the first-ever. We were we were well one minute into the podcast and and then I realized that we have a little bit of well a new setup here here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and like regulations around the the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly okay to par par. But now but now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're if you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how how to move on I'll say this I mean till till I die. You only have have the next breath. That's all that's all you have. The current uh heartbeat and the the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome uh to the Grainger Smith Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching um on YouTube for you you. This is this is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your um normal normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 11 year well old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He He so would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later later. Welcome okay to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic graphic nature of today's well crimes. Listener discretion listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're like discussing Beverly allit one of of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later you know nicknamed the Angel of of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm I'm so pretty energized right now. Just got just got off the back of doing doing some live like training to Bluestone College. I did I did four four locations in one hit which is the power you know of the internet internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at well one time. So So very so very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this this so little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, that, uh I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of of weeks um. I've been I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So So for anyone that so leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a a screenshot. I will enter like them into a draw to win a little little gift gift from me. So well I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine uh spiritual spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I I am I am I mean your host e let Louis and I'm here here to help you find your light I mean and awaken to your truth together. We We will cover a multitude of spiritual um topics share stories and deeply dive into into what it means to be a soul having I mean a human experience. So So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea qin Sea of um um Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura um room room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since my okay last episode episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that um um I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was I was broke unemployed. I was I was starting to to slouch I was sleeping in I mean the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when when I heard it all a okay chance to skirt. It all it all a a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The well top graphic cards cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I I so put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off off too okay fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly cruelly assemble well a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is is working on uh make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words words because I don't know so really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining mining corn in my underwear. I'm so gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the the notes. I'm picking so out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me me and digital wallet for okay holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we like just just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So so you create create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying so so to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a a so good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this this is all well you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and and I'm so here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best best tips and uh advices on how you can become one to discuss discuss news about diversity in the industry so and so much more basically reminding you all all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about I mean who I am how how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, you know first of all, thank thank you so much for being here and listening to like my very first episode episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about I mean doing a podcast podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I like just had had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you you I mean don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all all of our well podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast. Let me just uh break it down for you guys real quick. It is is it is 100% free. There's nothing um you have to pay for it comes comes with all kinds of creation tools so that I mean you can record and edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer so wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast podcast for you so that it can be heard on uh Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever wherever you want to put it you can make okay money from your podcast podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start well monetizing right away, which which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to well make a podcast podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go um to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in okay a box and and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not I'm not not like doing it. Okay. I just I just reason with myself like within a week week of doing that and so then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under um bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have have a well stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband husband. I think I think my like uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar sugar baby. What's your secret? so Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My My name is Ace Fanning so and I have had a revelation of sorts after after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said it's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to to chrysippus okay of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher philosopher and want to okay hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our our series uh famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on on I mean Spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? sir Yes uh. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think think you uh are? I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, Well, sir, are so you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much much praise. I am it's I mean about my son phileas. He is of the the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career okay first first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being being okay six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best best friend. Well, I have I mean finally found someone. I have a true bond with with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could uh ever ruin our friendship. I I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon well. He stole what should have been my my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon uh. This wasn't the Kevin Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was I mean just some some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow Somehow I mean made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this this movie Jeff. I uh need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left I left there something.
Hi guys, hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another another episode of I'm not um racist today. We're going to be talking about about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here uh with some little special guests and they they are going to be joining our conversation I mean on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm I'm Laura Lee. I'm the I'm the senior at st. Francis you know. Okay. And so I I guess the first question is have you ever I guess you know experience like like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it you know and and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't haven't heard about so anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I I want um to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's It's free. There's like there's like a creation tool that allows you to record and edit edit your podcast right from your phone like or your computer if that's how you want want to do it. That's not how we uh do it. But I but but I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like it it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you you um can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you need to make uh a podcast and one place. So go so go ahead and and download the free anchor app or so go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- to to get started. And now and now for the sun like solar panel podcast. Hey, Hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends uh at Spotify Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now you know guess what what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other other podcasts okay another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode episode no, no, it's I mean not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want want. To another episode I mean of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, Yes, that's yes, that's next time. You complain so about me saying no many you do do the intro after that couch. All right like. Well, let's do the intro. Okay Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, like right? You know you want want okay do it. You know you already did the um intro. I will do do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't can't wait to talk like about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was was like wow, you know this is like a real roller coaster. It was it it was just like one of those you know old can tie me feel masterpieces like like three different movies in one that we're going well to get into but I I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh okay I could easily easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk like about and it it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, um let's not not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the uh 500 greatest greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me me is um my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys quickly about Spotify um on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite favorite artists and podcast and I mean one place that's for free. You don't even need a a premium account and that like is great because let's face it. We are all all trying to save a little uh bit these days. So with Spotify, you can can follow your favorite podcast. So you I mean never miss an episode you can can share whatever you're listening to with your like friends on Instagram and premium users can can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and like whenever you are if you're you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded I mean already but but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download so so the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in in the you so are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So So you so you never miss an so episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's let's get into today's episode. Hello, um everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love I mean mean nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you okay know know that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds nerds out um like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit credit cards and retirement with uh calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode this episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor it's the well easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free free and everybody I mean loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah Yeah. I mean, I love well free things. So there's so there's also creation tools tools that allow you to record and edit your own you know podcast right from your your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so. So can be heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that well way people can hear your your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with like no minimum listenership listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one uh place. So download the the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- to um get get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the like like podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her her okay journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and and don't forget to uh hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, Hey, welcome back in today's um episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in in the C2 proficiency speaking like paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already already talked about the speaking I mean paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as as you know we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree tree of life so. You come you come and I feel the hands of God touching me me. And I and I calm and you know you fall to your knees knees and prayer. Moans and moans and groans the sounds of uh making love my my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the like Breath of of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me okay high higher higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast podcast. I really I really appreciate your so support. I hope I hope you're getting getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way by okay looking at at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't so often talk about about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more um and and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else well. We We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration Transfiguration you know. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led led well them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their their presence he was okay transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back you you know today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? say You uh you uh just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's That's the one. Yeah. I knew okay you'd want to say the full title title. Right love it before we jump into this so episode. I would like like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a um situation where you need help or or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are I mean available to to help you at any time. Their number their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week uh uh. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of of uh The Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna Brianna and I'm uh Robin. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all all of our okay thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's that's over now today. We're uh discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Find Them first. We have some like announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, like please feel free to tweet along with with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team uh on Twitter to join the conversation conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few so extra guy in flying flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, all right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills bills and um I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now now. Thank you for okay listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor anchor it's the easiest way to well make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked locked up during this quarantine and a few so people have reached out to me and and asked for advice on how to get like their podcast started or distribute it out there there and anchors the best way to do it um. It's free. There's creation tools that allow allow you to record and edit you know the podcast, right? Your phone your phone or your your computer? You can you can have your fans leave messages. Thank you thank you you you know to those of you that have been doing that by the way, way, keep them come okay and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for for you and can be heard well on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch more this so many channels that are podcast well is on some of them them. I never even heard of so it does the work for um you and you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're uh listening listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in in keep in okay mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink drink it. All so right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the the end. I'm Jon uh John. Jon was a real quick. What do what do do you play? Play guitar. Okay you know again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and like I play drums. And I am Daniel Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's okay let's let's do a this is is our first time doing it with multi people um can guys so this will will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious you you know. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So So I'm procedure okay right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost almost seven and like a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but but most of my focus goes you know into a trauma Survivor community that I I started just over a year ago. It was okay really interesting because I grew grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so and so I grew up so so thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler Fowler with me um as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South South Carolina Gamecocks this entire like weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that that you have to wear that albatross around so your neck, but you had a a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel like. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and uh I sound like I'm I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the in the morning, so but I'm I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered you covered the baseball baseball game so and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa Tuscaloosa. Watch the uh basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts okay and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning morning to cover the baseball like game then came back to Colombia. And the now you you are back here um in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do like like not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more more so the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as as season 1 you know episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little little bit about you know what is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never never seen the all uh see which is a podcast in which this young young lady here with a mouthful of well toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of uh age. I don't don't need me. I am I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to welcome to my my nerd brain a dialogue on so musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's um really cold down here. But here but here here we are. We are bad back in the so podcast Studio at Loyola University University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking well forward to to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest guest today so is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to to welcome you to my I mean nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating Edge like today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back back. Back everyone in well 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take take a train up the California coast from Los okay Angeles to San Jose. Now Now I've been on a train before. But this was special like. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever ever thought about well starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard heard about anchor it's so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first first and foremost, it's free. That you that you know means no money out out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to you know record and edit your your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that um easy anchor will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on uh Spotify Apple podcast podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on well eight different. Forms all all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your uh podcast and you don't don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything okay you need to make make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download uh the free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in um a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of of you that did like notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice notice but we did well promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we we get into it is well only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and and Mike as always so M uh. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how how are you? I am also you know fine. Okay, so okay, so statements statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes so around I think think so. We are we are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited excited um to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes robert Grimes who is a a physicist cancer researcher award-winning you know science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm I'm not just saying this because um he's they're here. I did actually say it to to Mike off air as well okay. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very you know traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in in front um of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules rules okay again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to to use well the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to to fix the so lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing so me. It didn't do much damage. This is is going to be a great shift you know. The first the first thing I I tried was to walk out but I could see movement okay in my peripheral vision. They They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name my name name well is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the the last okay episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on on this episode, I mean I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I I am going so so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And And so I just wanted to kind of like film and put together. Kind of making it it I guess is the best way so to put it I mean so I've been been looking into like I've talked about in I mean the past I talked about in in the last episode that I really am a big fan well of the Bowman Chrome Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones um with the RC RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA um Pop reports reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, got, uh so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have have like to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your your treat your fling well flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy easy this is to do uh. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh Oh like oh like and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris Chris mr. Chris shared in other um words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to uh you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time uh at the casino tables young and and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date uh myself. They call me me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I I I I I mean like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta gotta you gotta really so get into and a pause in between there. Let's Let's get out. There's a problematic pause so as they surged about. It wasn't it it wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and okay screen if you wish wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going you know know to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power power over you know there. So I so I have a good signal and I have plenty of of power uh. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad so reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry industry the so diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation generation and none okay of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told told Business News Daily that uh these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they they seem here are a few uh common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change change jobs after one year one I mean myth that some might not know or or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from I mean job to job job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau um of Labor Statistics shows shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did um 25 years years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign sign me up uh. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am I am the the owner of seedings closet on like Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half half a year. I've created an Instagram account uh to Market my items and connect connect with other postures in the community here. I will well talk about all all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and really create you know a beginner beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your so own side side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to to I mean pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be be learning all about well indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, lesson, you guys are going to so learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns nouns and how they are used with the uh indefinite articles in English English now for those of you who are Back again I mean for another English English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to you you know quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher teacher. I so have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to to speakers of other languages, and I'm you know also tuffle certified. I currently I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it it okay those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with with my favorite podcast uh. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very very distressed Jean um Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo carajo the kahane heartthrob um Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova Casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular coffee popular here okay. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations relations are linked up. Ski bodies ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical okay run run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last long and uh finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, Friday, okay March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it it feels well like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been been uh on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the the you know theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate classmate who's in the like in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please Please pass this information on to um them or tell them to contact me so so I can send them the um link. This is important information that I want all of you you to have. It's you know going to be even more important than usual for us to to be in communication for okay you to have good communication with the nursing program over over the next several weeks well. You need to get in the habit of checking checking your BC email. You need um to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a a so neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas Christmas and I mean then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this this is Series 2 okay. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing amazing and I've got some really okay really good guests lined up for you guys to to listen to and I hope you um really enjoy Like always if you know anybody anybody that would be great for the podcast and like you'd like to come on please to to give me a message because I'd love okay to chat to you before we start start. I just wanted to quickly just well mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and and just wanted to say to people so just to be kind remember people people have things happening behind closed doors. And if and if someone's I mean struggling struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to to um exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality personality I mean disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and and I am your so host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast so which is that this is absolutely not a substitute substitute for professional mental health and medical well intervention. So, please seek out those sources sources of support if you need them. And I okay also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this so month's month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national um performance director director at swim Ireland. We're going we're going to be speaking to John about um his his career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a okay okay little bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island Island. I do you know need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I okay wanted wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way uh uh to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward forward as well you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was was formally so submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly assembly. Also, we presented so our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the the amended FY 20 you know budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased I'm pleased pleased to announce that no additional changes like have been made to our budget up to this this point. This is this is a positive like step for the department and helps helps us better plan and assess our word the next like steps will be for for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget like and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode. We've selected we've selected I mean those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining entertaining and supplemented them with additional Research well into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral oral tradition. There's a wide variety across um sources are myths may not always be the the version you're familiar with but we hope so you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose uh the trail of his people. He'd He'd been following them day and night. He was you know filthy hungry. And for the the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot so hit a rock and he he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed okay to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global global celebrity okay Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is is okay an American film and television Studio. They are they are best known for producing producing the like Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics Comics welcoming um you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla I'm Kayla Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to well be talking about today's topic. Back in July July 2017 my mother Amy and I mean I took a trip to the movie movie theater to watch the recent remake of uh Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so uh I wasn't expecting my life to be be altered that day since then. I've had a you know huge crush on Tom. That's That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a I mean man 10 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best so so the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape landscape and you know place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears ears biggest supporters of Dirty so Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you you know, we figured we just um change it up because the Mojo needed a little little bit of changing as far like as the pics were concerned just a tad tad not much the the luck okay ran out of the money song that that that one money song that we've been using so boy. You better give me me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now now you know. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I I have Alexis here uh with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out out and ready and Alexis so. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge gauge as usual um. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our our usual so programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week week. But if okay you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T T show. Yes okay. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video video series we like have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really really appreciate you guys um tuning in and let's get back to business today. So So I'm making this video um and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists like on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with with the craziness of you know you know, the sports card market and Luke Luke advantages Market in general. What are some uh undervalued cards of is right. Now that people people can go out and buy based okay on what his base prism PSA tests tests. We going for see what we're seeing uh right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a I'm a colorist for film television television and everything so in between when my clients come into the color grading grading sweet to work on well their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for for an hour a day I mean or weeks on end depending on the project project those clients might be directors writers like producers or cinematographers. It varies it varies considerably depending depending on the project now our work. On okay the project we talked about a a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but well not necessarily and that is is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse uh behind the curtain of of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time okay to time, time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop Shop uh for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking you know know news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of of outdoor Legacy you know. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and and I've got to say okay folks that was very impressive that he got all those those words out because well that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he he was trying to so say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision vision show and that he Fumbled okay it. We this is a this is a a one-take show. So if there's any um hiccups or problems, it has has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise so it's rolling and man he he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay okay a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get get you know anything better at something that's free. There's also there's also creation tools that allow allow you to um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how how convenient anchor will you know also distribute your podcast for you. So it can can be heard on Spotify um Apple podcast and many more you can make money money from your podcast to with no uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast Podcast at one place download the free anchor like app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- to get started. Once again once again that's okay anchored on FM to get get started. Welcome to welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and I I mean be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but but you know four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? okay okay And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It It like is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother nother okay month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet maybe maybe meet somebody new this well week next week the following week. You have a 30-something 30-something days and get your money uh up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game game and shout out so to all my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies babies out like there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive defensive listener well discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Aldo Maura stared so in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had had been taking him to uh work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the the car door flung open uh Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across across the Narrow Street okay. He shouted let me go. What do you want want from me? But his captors you know didn't reply. They simply they simply simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped okay off. Inside the car car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and I mean blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we we are with the you know body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, um we're what lady she's got a spoon spoon in her mouth. She just she just ate shaking like like a vegetable, but but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you um drop the the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today okay today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're we're not so racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so okay okay listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be be going um to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this this one you I mean Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do I mean you take time to kind kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42 so so. Now, if now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would would you know have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, now, we've already so had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily daily. Then we had Matt um Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on on this episode. We kind of uh continue that conversation. We have we have the lovely lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us joining us well and she talks about about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to like us as a gift gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting you know. So thank you you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your so your mom you're you're um a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So So like you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So So you're uh going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow uh uh dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in uh older older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with with I mean other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment um is usually closed reduction followed by brief brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated um fragment in the joint that is is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to uh six percent of all pediatric pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 I mean 1 these injuries are are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very you know know rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric pediatric like elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope I hope everybody's doing very well and staying so so healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like like to so introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a a board I mean certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see I see see you about 40 50 okay patients a day and the office I'll still go to to the hospital and usually have I mean a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, patients, including ICU and critical heal patients I mean. So literally my patients have been been very worried about the core virus and to so be honest who is not not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it I mean mean is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of of well which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute like your podcast for you. So it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean Or you can make money from your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's okay everything that you need to make a podcast podcast in one place download the free you know anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you if you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee schnee. Ask so Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up up with a name you know for this? We'll get started right after this a lot lot of stream coach clients um and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting starting their own podcast. So well this is something that is interesting for you. Let me let let me talk to you about like my favorite platform for this anchor it is is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free well. There are tools that allow you you to record and edit your podcast right you know from your phone. Or your your computer. The first the first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on um my my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor like like distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like like 12 others uh at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges uh a lot of obstacles and these were the business business Mentor comes in with enough experience so experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here here to guide you join me as I like go along you're joining the words Brendan Brendan building your brand. Which virtual which virtual met the business you know mentor? Hey, Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- fm-- you know, when I I began okay my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how how to do so it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have I have with me me today um the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you you to you know her. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a a ton about nutrition you know and I wanted to bring her in today because because I am getting so many I mean questions about ways to optimize fueling to to lose way to be your best self and I mean frankly. I don't feel feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that you know Kathleen has has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? well Hi everyone everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am I am Kathleen child uh uh. I am I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 6 and my husband Tom and uh I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go let's go welcome back to this edition edition of days and I mean days. I'm your I'm your host Peyton Brown Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass like Portobellos across the way way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals um to his right is is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it how's it I mean mean going? There? It is it is and behind me is roommate cow with if you you can hear okay him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And And then tonight we I mean welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have I have my my homegirl my boo my like love in the building. Let them know who you are are girl. Hey, what's good? It's you know Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who who you are. Like, what do you do so like what U into U into holistic holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do okay. I don't I don't like to limit limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of you know do a a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training okay herbalists. Mhm amongst other other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why that's why I okay brought you you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit so so myself. I make I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process process of making medicine to um yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body uh uh are you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do do what do you uh want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's there's not much stock so boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac cardiac / comeback kids come back well. You know what that game room. Okay, I I believe off the where so we thought we were talking about a couple of of episodes ago were talking about house like well a toxic relationship and I was starting starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think like you were to to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with okay the Calgary Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm so not not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by by you know the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, Yeah, I'm okay fine. I'm told I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked I mean me in that Columbus game. Got me back back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the well well big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in in a horrific uh two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change change the way people looked at you know firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget budget for the u.s. Forest so service to hear more episodes like this follow natural natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you like get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's today's disaster listener discretion is advised okay Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 well Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on well a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is richie is joining joining me again, uh and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked talked about getting okay started the painting that I talked about last week. I have have I have finished and now I'm sharing okay all the tips and techniques and and ideas that I use in my own Studio well practice when I get to the the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this um podcast is brought to to you by my online class layer by layer you know where you will will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So you know know if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura well horn horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use well the the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and and you um will save 20% on that class up to the 19th 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether okay okay this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you thank you you so much so for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio studio joining me I mean is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for for joining us today. Cody. Remember, okay excuse me. If you're if you're new here, you may may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is like. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We We outline all things. Faucets related you know we talked to folks from the staff staff here. We do industry Trends or events you know. So yeah, we just kind of cover cover it all remember if you need Wheels like tires suspension custom offsets is the the place you're going to want to head on over well to you can find us us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a like new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with well Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle Doyle an I mean angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking fucking week yesterday was like it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got got with us so the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? then Now but now but yeah, that's um kind of cool at the CBR house who wants wants cavity was on gravity well Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you you didn't if you you know didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like like that sure was I mean it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't don't I don't know I mean what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make uh a podcast. Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to well record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute your well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast and many more I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything you okay need to make a podcast in one place place. I want I want to ask so you a question. Are you living living the life you want to live? Everybody has a okay dream life. We all have have that picture in our mind not that life. You want you want okay to live live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most like people people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it I I mean seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't it doesn't seem feasible. I don't I don't don't have those well kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on so the go go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving saving uh. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He He you know had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he he booked his ticket uh but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Hong Kong International Airport. As like a frequent flyer and a gold status member the the airline had reserved his preferred seat well for him. On the day of his his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast podcast the um art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change change in our industry who are like ready to stand together to fight Society Society standards and become part of a so community that elevates each other and makes makes a true and lasting impact on this I mean world. Are you up for for the challenge now? Let's get let's get into the show. I'm you know here today today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've well, I've never never I mean called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last last name right? You did uh. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business business name? And yeah, let's start there um. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said said mommy said my business name is starboard editing okay and I do editing editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our our well leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this this series okay. We've sat we've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to to talk about their story their journey, and okay what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about about the each of equal campaign for international well women's day. We hope we we hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode um um. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson Davidson group okay Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them them being in um senior leadership roles. I also I also had the privilege of of working with Jackie at Chandler okay MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the the ESPN of TV you know talk now. It was it was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly newsweekly. I so I so excited new video you know new gossip. I cannot wait to to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like okay a super show. We have so much new new to get through so much well gossip II just they stayed with with me girl. Stay busy stay busy when one of your Oseland and um tree and and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back welcome back guys and Daddy Daddy um love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, Okay, let's um start with AB pulp. Well, let's well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So So you so you guys prayers up. First um first um of all for Paul's mom who who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's I mean mean time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other I I mean day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start start uh of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a a big I mean shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All All Star Sports the premier enhance quality um catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving receiving game going over to uh their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find find an array of great training gloves so anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the the focus framer or even the glove that okay was designed by our very own own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to um um our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace I I mean your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this this podcast so helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a a qualified chartered surveyor, this uh week's blog. We take a look. Six year year six year rule clarifying what this might mean for well you and your EPC we've we've been asked about this many times. So we so we you know now have official official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly you know. What is the six-year rule rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states it states well that that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is this is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of of I mean the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and in in and around us. In I mean fact, even this physical body which appears to to be in physical form is essentially energy um because if you break down down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells um into Small little Adam and and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are I mean Energies. They are are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your so thoughts are also an an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we so we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run run um for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your your training to reach well your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes athletes the questions that like you've been dying to know the answers to we will will get the inside scoop on like what really makes you the best athlete that you can can be. Have you ever seen well a fast runner and wonder wow, how how did they get so fast well, This I mean podcast is for you. We We are going to do a deep dive to reveal well the secrets to Reaching Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to how to gain endurance running I mean mean is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, sports, I mean like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have have so been through multiple exits others. This is this is a first-time kind of thing, but but they so all have one common thread which is they know where there's a a pain in sports or uh Esports. They know they know they have a solution solution for that and they know that there you know are people willing to pay for for that pain to go away. You're listening um to sports Tech feed the global global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen um to sports take feed. I'm your your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us um. Once again, once once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's you know the the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, okay okay including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had they've they've had over well 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, exits, and you know I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly Kelly well. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a a host and author but well most importantly an astrologer and she's not any any astrologer. She is she is the resident so astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two two books working on a third. She's basically she's basically you know like the hottest hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you like guys some some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can can I mean ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I I just like was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking I'm looking looking through website. She well just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night night toothbrushing show well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and brush the inside the well outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines heroines week and tonight's heroic woman well was an incredible business woman. Whose Whose hard work helped black women all over America. Ah madam, okay CJ Walker, but before before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah like Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making I I mean enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah so Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today okay okay. We talked we talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to to help you well achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's let's apply like and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an an equine vet and uh have been for many years. Now. Did that spark spark appear very early on in your um life or did it come a bit later later on the spark appeared? I I mean was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals well in general and yeah yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I I hope like y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even even introduced Matthew, so uh don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced introduced yet. Yeah, smash yeah, smash the Subscribe okay button. If you if you loved loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If like you could could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it um gets the the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, um let let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All All um all um right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something something about that, so right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a a skip you know to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's today's topic. We are um still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered covered quite I mean a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard so of of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and okay there's there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean mean podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And so so and so once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple Apple podcasts, so I mean you can make easy money by uploading your podcast podcast here and just sharing your uh Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some some of you may know me well as tells and this podcast will be be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as well a minority in Academia, but more more specifically students in physics because we know okay that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon okay okay. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast so in in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about about uh for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little okay okay bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we we get uh any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect so those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions opinions of uh the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan um former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he he so gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid solid uh tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and well well how they can A&R their own projects. But then but then as they start to to progress in their so career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you you know, bigger um and ours and work with a and ours at labels as as well. So so uh this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if if you know you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk talk can help you out uh. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's hey, what's what's up guys? This is Eric you know McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current current founder of management and artist development company well. Yo peep yo peep this So yeah, man, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I um know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media media Network. I'm okay your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you you today um. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going going to talk uh about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest guest with me a first-hand I mean animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia Rukia. Andrew say andrew say hi to everybody look you know guys Andrew and and me had been talking about how we could get him so on the podcast and and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and okay Andrew always talk about about animated films. So we thought this would okay be you know, the perfect category category to kind of start this realm okay of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show show. Quick so five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening listening uh to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there um um in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience experience um trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept concept of not well skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience experience. If you plan okay on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a a nurse you like need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave everyone Dave at SVA card card collectors good I mean score last night. No, I'm no, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating defeating the Houston Rockets um just a waste of time of us trying to win win so we can get uh a higher spot. What does what does it matter? We're We're not going to get the first uh but anyway, it's a lottery best will will gods have turned their back on us besides the I mean point besides that Besides Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr um. PSA 10 10. I had I had two of them. I sold one of them for a you know know hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I I now I uh had this card for $125 for the longest time and and I took it off like because I was afraid that of exactly exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast like like. Thank you thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more more so. Please head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store store and well browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even even go to our like patreon page and see what how you can support us us monthly. We love bringing you well awesome content just as much As you like listening listening to it enjoy the show you know. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us us. I hope you brought your walking to hide um under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is what is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are are tuned into in the woods well with DDS a thank you guys so much much for tuning in and we look forward so to having a fun episode. Thank Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for like tuning in again. This This is this is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA okay. So bear so so bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of uh these these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on on okay the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts co-hosts that are going well to be going to be helping out and joining us the the first of which um is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix colin Hendrix Hendrix man, how are you? What was so going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm I'm just here you know to let you guys know that anchor is the best best way to make a podcast online uh. If you're if you're looking to to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a so podcast podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you like can can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and okay okay edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for for you so so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more more you I mean can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership. That's right. You um can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny Vinny setup. You can you can so make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast podcast addressing like probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all all time Now like if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you you that he's staying put but well if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying staying put it just doesn't well make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that that has been in the NFL for so just about 20 years spent it all all with one team just doesn't make sense for me um to it's just doesn't make make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me you know for this man man the go out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you you know you going. All you all you have to do is go to Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- uh to get started and you know what? It's totally totally it's totally free just download the free anchor well app or go to Anchor dot dot. F m-- fm-- and you're on your way to your uh own podcast. You You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk I mean about on on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to to make it so about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, again, go to the get the um anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot dot f m-- in you on your way so. He's not going back again. Another segment segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about anchor I mean its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain it's free. There's creation you know tools that allow you to record and edit edit your podcast right from I mean your phone or computer anchor will distribute our our podcast for you. So it so it could be you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast and many more you can make money from well your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all well in one one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to um Anchor FMcom FMcom. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're um going going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense sense well of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look look into well it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Alongside Adam alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's I it's I mean going to be our our second free agency show because people can't get enough okay free agency. I mean Harold, Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like you know we should really really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting um podcast when when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our well well free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both both a well new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're we're really like happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen listen so that like was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's okay okay confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three three I mean two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? fans How are we okay gonna get through this as a group? I think think I think that all hate mail like to at Monday. No, you no, you have have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie um where they Least like where it's it's like they don't show you the current timeline like okay Witcher. I've hurt I've hurt hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would uh uh you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you you get um so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are uh uh your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval you you know don't you I do. What about war? What about what about like like guns big big fan of shooter like games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we we like do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f f m-- you know recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many different platforms. There's creation tools okay to allowed you to record and edit podcast right right from your phone or a computer you know check out anchor dot f m m or Download the free anchor app to get started well. This segment is brought brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt I mean get the jig out out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and uh save 20 percent percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where I I mean we raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related uh uh this week folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank blank to uh the Future and before you and ask where we are going. You You don't need you know green arrows and that's a good thing because you're not going going to get them here I mean at least not in this episode kind of a a topsy-turvy week that saw several well Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters well like myself, too. 80s film references and and of course I'm talking about the likes I mean of a Macos Alonso brace which which Drew assisted one. I believe I believe Leighton Baines reminding us I mean mean why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of of course, um let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things things Animal like Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of of our newest patreon you know patrons today Sergio and I are going to go go over the week's countdown questions so talk about all the new information. We We learned we learned from PAX East and there will be you know a very special special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at I I mean PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy Chewy. I'm doing pretty well awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, well it's been a lot of weight. It's been it's it's been filled with a lot of news and then uh I also got some amiibo amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's I mean just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say say uh thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I I am going to okay focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's that's very close to you know my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided decided today that like you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously you know a lot of people have been talking about about the situation of mine other uh things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven Aven. I you know hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say say thank you okay to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on on Instagram following and um just giving a real sense of community around this podcast podcast. So thank you to everyone today uh. We're going to be talking about about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything I mean that happened So straight straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was well obviously Liverpool losing losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest like. The first first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting sitting uh in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I so I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media I mean mean a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and and well learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode episode 186. I'm finding I'm finding Porter and so as you might have heard last week, week, we're working on a brand new 10 times like version of the science of social social media. We can't wait to share well it with you in just a few weeks weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a so really Popular episode on microcopy microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for well a marketer to have good good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on um social media in this this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy I mean for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast podcast a okay daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it it means to live with like. Hope in Jesus. Hope that hope that is is exactly what Paul is talking about here um in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going going we're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 uh today 2nd Corinthians Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that you know if the tent tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God I mean mean a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent tent we um groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it it on we I mean may not be found naked for while we are still in in this tent we well groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk talk okay to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record like like my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free I I mean and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your your podcast like straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with with friends as well I mean after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute distribute your podcast for so you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast podcast and many well more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no no minimum so listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download the free anchor so app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I I start so this podcast, I just want to let you guys know know if you are listening um to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's It's only going through the like left here. I want I want to believe believe because that's just the way my my whole setup I mean. It works works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we save teachers I mean hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources resources for their classrooms to make so your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers teachers for on here. Thanks so well much for listening to For the Love of teaching teaching. Please rate and review us you know any Apple podcast app and help us to to reach more teachers gears. Have you have you I mean heard of the daily? daily 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has so used this source and and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan I mean of the the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young well well educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My My okay students came to school on the second day and they were like, like, when are we you know doing daily 5 and that for me I I was just sold so I knew okay it was worth it. Welcome Ellie Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are you? I mean Not so bad value self never better, but you can make make me even happier you know. Well, I well, I told you we can't keep doing doing that. It's a it's a conflict of okay interest. Oh get your mind out of of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who uh do that now. Anyway, I anyway, I I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking well into the foreign foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna okay take a a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if okay that's that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you you tell me well cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year year right I mean down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 96 on our biology so midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point look point point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm I mean not about to give give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's uh Not Be Hasty Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of you know know our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both like her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is is your clo Francisco Lara you know Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to to share with you guys the Jack so Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and and CEO of General Electric an amazing person I mean with a beautiful leadership. His His leadership was base is all about your team. It's um all about the the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this um to share with with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El ahora El El like Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all all phenomenal so and it's all about what we have built and where we were going going. He's other portion of like his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture conversation coming like up today. And for and for me, I stress it that that period in my life. I bucked I bucked Authority well. I can that stance which email email Authority could not stand it. And so if like any teacher a male teacher specially specially came to me and said, oh you I mean should be making more black black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I you know would would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug Doug. Thank you uh for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in in a series well of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory Armory show in New so York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of of days to check like out one of the hottest art fairs in town town. And we managed to NAB ourselves um a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom boom you're listening um to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host host Lucy Sykes you know. Thank you thank you for tuning in again for for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity um fuckery. If this is your first first time listening to the podcast shame on you know you start from the fucking beginning beginning. You'll be lost. What if what if you don't like to well listen to rules rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should okay pour yourself yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record like my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and so so I absolutely love it. If you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest uh uh way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you you I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or a computer anchor will you know even distribute your podcast for you so it can can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast you know and many more you can even even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's uh everything you need to make make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is well download the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get I mean mean started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you you haven't uh heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but but if you I mean haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to make a podcast and I will elaborate like first of all, it's free can't can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you uh to record and edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's um um broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In In addition well to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast for you so. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row row many um more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money money you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because because I probably had your um listeners right now and it's everything you need need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and and night toothbrushing um show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush a little circles like all the way around each tube three, it's heroines heroines week. And today's hero is Emily um Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a um giant bridge in New York York City the goes over a big river and it's well beautiful people from all over the the world come to New York each year I mean and take pictures of it. And one one of the main people who helped build okay that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John you you know Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty so so seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the so so United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases cases well confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we we haven't okay had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from from our villains you know podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord Lord by the end of the 1920s so. He was one of the most feared Mobsters Mobsters inside and outside the criminal I mean underworld to hear more episodes like this this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get okay your podcasts. On the bank of of the Hudson River North of New York City um sits one of the most notorious prisons prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The I mean criminals imprisoned there with a worst worst of the worst many of them were so there for Life others for for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think I think we have a a situation right I mean here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches touches on breakup stories that people you know would like to talk about with your view to to give lessons that they learned from their well experiences. We hope you find the the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind like everything we're going to to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside so the the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it it is hella uh windy here. What is what is happening here with the weather weather. Lord knows cheese it is, like you know, I mean, I know the storm storm hit and stuff. People kind people kind of Penny but this uh is next level. I am am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another okay one coming doesn't just get get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So like this has been a meeting that's that's been in the making for God knows how well long don't you just just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering we're offering our listeners listeners some additional content about the I mean world of True Crime letting you you dive even deeper into some of the most I mean notorious subjects every every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the okay most fascinating fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short okay clips from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like like you know motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is is well you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you listen to podcasts a well list of episodes that we used will be posted in in the description today. We're well discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard Richard so and John which is looking at life in a medieval medieval village. Now what needs to well be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously obviously in the medieval period things were very so different in regards to how people people lived. So most so most people in England lived and so worked on the the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at at well actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle struggle to survive and live uh tended to be very short for so for those those people within a medieval village, you're looking I mean at a life expectancy as as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as okay 40 So a a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn Brawn uh and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His His name is uh Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion Lion okay so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he he revealed like himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of of IST, which like I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in in our major. So you know I had a little heads-up who is going to to be but not really a lot of well people have had classes Zach and I I were new so that was kind of cool um a Penn State. It's kept kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is I mean and a few few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind okay of of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, okay okay my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in uh having having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there there you know but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the the toffee Blues. It's okay all be in America about a cat America and and this week. I'm you know, I mean if you've got a great affiliation to to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about I mean that shortly. It's light light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite so a lot of of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking so about about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice uh and and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, what's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is is this is she'll uh be your host and each week. I'll be bringing you you all the tips and tools you need well to raise that Vibe become magnetic magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life well. So you're ready. Let's turn let's let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you so in in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively so over the past past year. And that and that is using this podcast as a platform to um share share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to okay bring bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever Whatever I mean is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is you know he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the the bottom of the mood um about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And like in that case the on these these sticks his hand into the house and either places okay something into the hand hand of the ball by it or take something out of like his open hand hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I well might might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to to come I mean here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the the notion so of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting uprooting which so means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which which um is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or or well in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe Joe okay and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so okay, so so, um, um, I like just talked a little bit about myself. I am I am a massage massage therapist. And I I mean work on different type of client So based off off of a studio in Westford, um and I just hope people feel better and just just be able to move and have well more energy. So that's pretty much a little little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this like like podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that so so I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine mine who's a like podcast producer. How do how do I do this? And he just just told me anchor use anchor you know because it's the easiest way you can get get a podcast on the Internet. It's also okay free. You can edit record record your podcast right from your phone or your you know computer and all in one one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, I mean so it can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can um make money money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you you know are are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to um make a a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today today. We are we are you know joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these you know episodes because we we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or okay the coach that that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the like second second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I uh uh got to talk about a lot of things on this show and um I had had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a you know lot lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one so was was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in I I mean New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and and then Greg um coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all all okay my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to to well come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and and try um to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of of paints a I mean picture of like boundaries. So my so my mom definitely definitely tried to talk to me about I mean sex like at all costs, right and instead instead I would be like, maybe pick you know a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all dentist dentist all absent naked how about setting? well Oh well Oh and there's like a mirror mirror right across from my back to our it was you know like a glass shower shower. So it's so it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this I mean mean room more right? No. Yeah. She got she got like what a good time. Oh, Oh, look um. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank uh you you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise uh you you it was not planned. I have I have another friend with me today today. She came she came visiting um for my health and lifestyle, you know, you you have to get these things in I mean order for the journey ahead and we we were just having conversations about, you know, doing I mean things by yourself. Cough now, you you know, there's this whole part of it that uh says, you know, you have to to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's but there's uh also the part part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me like how how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow flow so today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old old daughter uh found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, worse, well no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the the mysterious brick okay of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series series unsolved you know murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into into some of uh history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you you listen well to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case case listener discretion is advised this uh episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and and assault including the violent homicide of a okay young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is this is is the podcast. Hello, I mean you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by by neht and naht Edge okay. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether whether technology can support um learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider consider what the next big Ed like Tech development is likely to be and also also this Gus whether or not mobile you know devices should be banned from schools schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation uh with James Bowen Our Guest this this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well well known to our regular podcast podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number well of education-based education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not not actually about the well fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what what it actually like is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for for bastards um teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or or heard. I'm I I'm I mean your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening listening this season. We're going we're going through AP Biology okay one chapter at a time time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled I mean the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance fiance News Daily like. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season season of a um for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic plastic anemia that her like girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that that her family is unaware like that she's dating a woman what you might not not know about Stephanie though is that she uh sells naked photos of herself online. That's right right. Stephanie has a patron where I mean she has content. That's a bit risque risque. It seems some people may have found I mean this out though as Stephanie took her her Instagram stories to lay everything out you know. Out she states that she is not ashamed ashamed of this content and that having I mean the patron has financed her documentary as as well as other creative projects and it's you know also helped her income in general general. She ends it saying I'm a hello I mean an advocate a writer a a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm um I'm um allowed allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl uh uh. A woman awoman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her her body and her uh patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you like who's that that guy next to him? Welcome back welcome back to topics of Interest Interest with Nick um and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other other host Marc Murphy um. And today and today we have a very special guest Tyler Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host I mean. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you so guys meet we met met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely I mean showed the the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was uh there be be but it was there. We took we took the we just say major so we we okay had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other other and this okay is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a I I mean tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Bethany Davis as part um of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast podcast about tree you know planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry industry tree plungers are so a collective of people who spend much of their lives lives replenishing the logged area with uh New Forest. However tree planting is so much much more than the physical act so of planting thousands of seedlings in the the ground day after day as a so Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt well is a place to shed light on the the culture that is mostly contained within um those who have stuck with shovel in the ground ground. It is it is meant to dive deep I mean into all things tree tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to like learn. So wherever so so wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the you you know podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not not drop like ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into into e-commerce or build like a new store or launch a new product line line. There are three different so levels of where you want to research to make sure sure you're choosing the right uh products. Now, the first level is the niche level level. That's the that's the highest one, right? What type what type uh of products do do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to um move to to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding well are ones. You You actually you actually want to work with if you want to make money doing okay okay this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I mean mean I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at like like all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide well well to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before before we I mean get into it, I should let you know that if this this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for for like you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to to so produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and and proven to uh burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your your results in real you know time. Each workout is inspired and led by by certified coaches to make sure you don't okay overtrain or under train. So what are are you currently doing to get more life so out of your workout? That's what what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with so. All right. So, let's kick kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach uh Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages I mean mean to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had had okay trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen listen to um the word of God. I'm able I'm able to settle down down. And find peace and fully rest And um so as you listen to to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an I mean inspiration inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's in today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear hear something like this. Hey, so you want to know why my brain doesn't work, work, right if you text like K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't weren't using the word Crazy okay Light it on fire watch it there and we're we're reclaiming crazy during um a manic. I was I was like braised. I hate you you. Don't leave me who came well up with this list given on the bird bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should um I sit on this couch and recline recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline so. But I but I love friends friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted I mean it it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name uh is is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show uh for you you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce so myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy hot take um. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start start with okay the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back back. Everyone to know soups like. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate Collegiate raw circuit okay. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we we have one of our um guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot hot somatic. Yo, it's yo, it's your boy I mean. I would like to apologize to to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, well yes, well so we have strong on on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars okay 11 board with us us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no no. Did you um ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had had no prior knowledge um of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry sorry for my irresponsible and selfish uh behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it it is. Oops the oops the podcast we are joined as like always by by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today today so Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but but I like came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I I mean, like I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to to but to be I mean fair when I was at his podcast like three three years ago. I walked in like and he told me on the spot that it it was going to be um on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look look like shit Mike. You have you have to well let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an I'm an Gordon here here with your day okay. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock Brock hot summer. That's 60. We okay are in the really in the final stretch. It's It's hard it's hard to believe and it's very uh exciting. I want to to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that you know is that that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and and 5 you know p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you you can associate you um know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting starting one? uh If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential essential business you know tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go go to www.sceeto.com for I mean / create to access your free guide and and turn your dreams into reality. That's so that's so www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I uh think I've sort sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional okay as as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes you know by other other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so uh say say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here here we're here like with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super super gangster from Murder like Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is that is how how you doing today man. Doing great well man. Yeah if you excited this this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah I mean. I have never never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I you know like you you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah I mean mean. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we we got I mean like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we we put something out like because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a I mean space space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will like like be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting well Technologies Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right right from the well Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to to the latest news on um Starship to the Artemis program to take us back back to the moon. So if like us okay you are another parking space and what what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening I mean in the field. This This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following the following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended intended for so adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 like 6-9 like was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All well I saw was the gun amazing when when I woke up. I was in the you know back seat of the car. Kidnap and and and beat up a little bit okay to you know, I definitely brought it it back down a human level. And I started talking you know to God. I'm I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this you know know. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with with complex. This series this series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can well lead a a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure um party party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our our favorite video games uh. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths um of One Life. This episode is going going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so okay like if you haven't haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this um far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I I um I um hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are are we are stoked because today is um part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this I mean one. So this this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are well some nuggets nuggets up in here. I can't I can't wait for you guys to hear hear it. If this is I mean the first one that you're tapping on I do do recommend. Going back and listening to okay part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But But I do think that all of the you know information in part to her story story all her tips the way that she parents it's you know all like so so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know uh where she came came from part 1 is all about her life as a young well girl how she she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and so it's fascinating and and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time it's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do Do you brushing like show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and brush like the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines heroines week and every day we're um talking about real life heroic women from history. Today Today is heroines are a pair of well sisters who fought for the freedom of their their country their names were Trung truck and Trung you know knee. A long along long time time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country um in Asia called Vietnam. Their Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in so martial arts arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino Filipino can be uh a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Chase Smith. Hey guys, hey guys, it's well your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your your girl Gigi and uh hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes goes by the name of re okay free. Rio well Cambria found a how how was your day? How was your day tiring so long as it was productive. That's all all that's all that matters. Come on, the love that uh now Monday. Let's go energy energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog like word of of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires are like so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place place of so the Metropolitan. Well, technically well, technically I understand the Caps are still in in first place due to okay the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that that head-to-head. Is it is it the tiebreaker because like that would make the most most sense, but of course not listen, I don't um care if technically they're not in in first. All I care about is when you look you know at the points it it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that so is the situation we we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy you know. So the Flyers Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a I I mean back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this is my video coaching coaching newsletter and the uh topic of today's video is going to be going with the the flow and I um got an email here from a client of mine that I've been been coaching for like is probably since late last year by eight eight nine nine months. I guess. I've been I've been coaching well him now. Well maybe longer longer so he sent me this email and he's uh got a couple of of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he well meets his his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group well of of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says like that she she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers Dodgers a podcast for okay and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by by this is not Billy so Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin Martin. Hey, what's up, so and you're listening to good. So my so my my God Bernard in I everything about what like I mean. My forbidden things knocking knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's like a draugr my I love saying saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe um nothing going in secret. We can can we can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff stuff um to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to to get you know to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled filled with Quote unquote like electronics and they're going to be testing out during the the playoffs. This is the first you know time they're going to throw it in used used at least that we know of so so read a little article about this this AQ and we were just talking about this like before we went live here here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during uh the regular season without telling telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given they've given you you know it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the the practice so with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of Of course of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about so anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast podcast. If you if you haven't heard um about anchor its easiest way to make make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's I mean creation tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard like on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money money from um your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need need to make a podcast in uh one place. So download so download the free anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot I mean f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, guys, hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna you know Beach the podcast. Thank you so so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly okay. So excited to be be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but okay we got got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I when I made the decision to document the storage papers in the the form of a um podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to to create it by using anchor I'm okay able to share this show with you absolutely absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need uh in one place and you can produce the the show right from your phone tablet or computer like. They're easy to use creation tools tools allow anyone with the app to record and okay edit a podcast. It so it sounds sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast for so you. So it can be heard heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify you know Apple podcasts podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can you can also easily make money from your your okay podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to to Anchor dot you know f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to make a podcast. Let like me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put put any money up front so for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty pretty big deal. There are creation tools that you know allow you to record and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like. You have to go out out and spend a lot of money buying software paying okay for recording equipment anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it can be heard well on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make I mean mean money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make so so a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot. F so m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the the Garza Law like Firm. Find yourself find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If If you need a criminal defense um lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone if anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing to I mean the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to to the March 1st episode of dishes and like dimes were a raptor podcast featuring featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts I mean today. You have got Sarah, that's me me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month um ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a a head waiting for some sunlight. And just and just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all all I mean that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he he was so taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit Spirit to the apostles. He so he so had chosen after his suffering. He He presented himself to them and gave many convincing uh proofs that he was alive. He He appeared to them over a period of you know 40 days and spoke about the the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was uh eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast. I wanted so to take a brief moment today to let you know about about the easiest like way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the the more important aspects are like actually having a service to host and distribute the show as as well as like software to record each episode for the longest time. I I actually paid money I mean to host the packet a podcast and have a a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also um using different software as I I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives uh me everything we need to record record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from so my computer tablet or cell cell phone. Not only not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity uh to make make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own uh uh podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go go to Anchor well dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to to hear uh from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should should have called before so now as he's one of the few people I've played played with whom I looked up I mean to for a very very long time firstly firstly for the way conduct himself on the so field but also off the the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my uh conversation with Premier Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy so. Just what what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all all I mean how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, like like um, you know, same old same old. I need I need to start this this though with a like bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did I I did with Micah same thing. I did I did with John. So I so I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to uh make make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to to record and okay edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will will distribute the okay podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform platform such as so Spotify and apple you can even make money from your your podcast. It's everything you need um in one place download the free anchor app or go go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- um to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend friend well. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks Thanks okay. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Iron well Lion soap. He is he is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California California. The company is like Iron Lion soap. You can you can find them on on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and uh iron line soap.com they make Just a a beautiful array of natural soaps that I um am so in love love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, um and we had had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the um company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first first time uh we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total total and we're so going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of of diamonds miss well any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin cog-lin. No, I think you I mean have it wrong. Good week. Do you do do you have your parents on speed dog? We like talk to them. Well, actually actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's okay probably could I you you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you okay think we we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, you know trust me trust trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk like like to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, right, like but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in well this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the the audio versions okay of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If you enjoy this so show, please do consider leaving us a review on on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast um. Also, you are say hi to me on on social media on Instagram Twitter all okay of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler Whistler one word come and say hi so to me. Let me know how you liked this this show and let's get into it like. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're you're watching top 10 internet. And in the so video today. We're looking at the top top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without you know using drugs number 10, 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many uh people will tell you that that at one point or another they have had some uh experience where they thought they they heard a sound when nothing should be there uh or they saw an apparition that that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of of Lincoln high Central and you know your host for everything Central my guest. This episode episode will be seniors who were recently I mean honored for earning the highest academic academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the um end of seven semesters. We had 29 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and I mean ninety who have earned a a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple um of those Those students students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for thanks for being with I I mean us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name name and the activities uh you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys um lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson Wilson and I'm involved with lots okay of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're We're back well with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated escalated. In the okay last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and and up as uh of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than than 3,000 I mean dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with with more I mean than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here here in so the US. Tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after after okay the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus has killed at least nine nine like people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections infections. There are now you know at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let so let so me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your okay podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop pop your podcast for you um. So it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so money from your podcast with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make you know a podcast podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor anchor you know. So thank so thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free free anchor app or like go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started. Hey everybody. We just wanted I mean to let you know for this one one starts. It's not it's not a full podcast night. We so just have an interview interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all okay do a special special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening listening to the Star uh Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun fun begins. Good morning afternoon you know or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome welcome to Star Wars sessions come for you know the Star Wars stay for for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka okay achar Jabba the Hutt and and joining me as ever in the cockpit of uh the Essex Falcon is is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of of the co-hosts cam uh and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I I live in Ohio Eric well lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk talk about pop culture. We you know talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was uh the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were uh younger and we're basically going going to be talking about how wacky is there's a I mean lot of different different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to um get into into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like you know know Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you haven't heard about anchor anchor it's the well app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use use it's free and uh there's creation tools straight in the app that that allow you to edit your podcast okay from your phone or computer and and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple I mean and many more more without having to do anything which is great and um you can make money from the podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, which is uh also great man. You gotta grind you you got to get to where you're going so. So it's everything you need to do do all one place and to download the app go to okay anchor on the the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get I mean in the the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode you know 2 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first like like episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking checking it you know out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really I I really really do appreciate it. And I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter newsletter and then topic uh of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your your girl I mean goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna who you uh have met and then Ashley, Miss Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day um and we got a bunch bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video okay that that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like well talked about in in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship um healthfully not full full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each well well other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode episode of um podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you you guys the well basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your your own Cube like. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design design and hopefully like so say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very very own Cube. Ooh, I'm um John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming well from the lovely island of Ireland Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to you know do? So essentially we we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for okay this first first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is uh right now. It is it is me Jared and Gabe the original crew crew. We have local okay bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it it is just yo I mean boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty pretty we're back to the back um to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back so In Town. That's another good way way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are okay who let the Dogs Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to so say it it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're you're you know with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random random you know things. I support my right to party and you always you got got to so fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and and like I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal Cal State I mean Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing preparing to apply you know to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and and we are so proud of um her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, kinesiology, which is what she studied for her okay undergraduate major and when she was was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA okay Division II at Cal State State East Bay. So this so this woman has a lot of well knowledge about not only how how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going you know to dive into into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough you know know situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in in you know the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you like like human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and and energetic uh alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business business where it's not working okay so that it starts to work for you through human human design and Alignment you experience so the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism magnetism impact and of course income each week uh. I'm going to be bringing you you the human design and business in a way that you've so never experienced it before before. Let's Dive let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It okay it it okay is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms uh uh beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed okay okay and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to to promote prayer um meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your your entire order use promotional code I mean Rua at checkout. And please check out out the link in the show notes. Today's I mean episode is all Also sponsored by by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough well the pray more Retreat dot-org dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion so death and and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can I mean mean find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks talks total talks each talk so comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 you know know year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend so so Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting setting um over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as as um idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and and injected himself like with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt felt different. It was it was I mean all wrong. The drugs burned hot through through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before well he began to hallucinate and eventually passed passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth I mean mean of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, quarter, which okay means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and and coronavirus hit we I mean saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up up from 1.8% This means that GDP was you know up by 0.5% in December quarter, quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting you know. This does does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle gentle turning you know points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it it looks like that you know gentle turning points has turned into an S S turn due to the fires and the uh coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home stay-at-home you know moms. And we just kind of want to share our our experiences since I stay at I mean home with my kids Sam works out of the the home and just kind of bring a I mean little bit of insight and show show you that there are really great things I mean. There are some really messy messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do I mean mean when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your I mean mean kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm I'm Sam uh and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy messy um Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered unfiltered you know and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month month okay were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can I I mean share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy messy moms in our uh community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your health uh Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time time to level up. Hello and I mean welcome to episode 14 of level up up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is you know called movement is medicine. I just just I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think uh it's what what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we've been saying um um movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that like we we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message message you know and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something something that well I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your your training uh working hard and all of that. I work I work as an osteopath osteopath. So this so this is you know really our bread and butter, isn't it? it Well, it's your bread and butter, but well I'm here for the ride ride as well. Fantastic. You're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're you're well trying to build in your meditation? Is it is it that you you want to be more present is I mean it that you want to be more more intentional is it that you want to well feel more of a sense of of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want okay to feel feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You well you well well know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice I mean mean in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice notice when those things so start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you you episode 97 of hurdle like a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with with inspiring individuals to talk like about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends friends podcast rid of you know show coming to you on this Friday afternoon afternoon with an episode heavily requested by well many of you and we're going to title it it books. I recommend or top reads uh for 2020 something like that because because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what like books would you recommend for finance finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm I'm going to share with you at least the so ones that have had had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are I mean In the Forefront of of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and so listened listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good good list and uh I did a version of this a long time ago, which is is somewhere on okay the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well well here I mean probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a a lot of real I mean I say quote unquote real work to do do but I will get to this like but if you hear me say something something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the okay okay fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard I mean to learn it it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are are so just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to to uh be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in in the like realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Sean Nielsen so to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and and he so runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube YouTube you know channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight sight. So let's like get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly weekly podcast dedicated um to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll We'll bring we'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate so of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature feature films Millions so have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific horrific story. If you enjoy well these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our our conspiracy theories podcast every so Wednesday. We tell we tell the complicated stories behind the the world's most controversial events and well possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 so evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk uh now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low Low here uh on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and and yes, and we're here like to talk about this episode. We love we love love our audience and we will give you know you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV TV. She quickly at this is yall's first um time tuning in in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an I mean mean actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of of uh course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said said uh yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only Only first so got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan fan and a host here like at the network. So excited to be here, but but me Christine be next. I so call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money money and like everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did Did I I mean don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D D the middle uh amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a a higher salary in All I mean right. Yeah, you yeah, you see one of of your tracks this you look like you've like never listened to bash me a a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well talk talk now. It was it was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this this show guys um are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is is Mike feeling. We're here so. We're going to go through it. You know what it is is. You know you know how we okay do first. I want to introduce. My panel panel I am over here by myself on the team okay married side, but to to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may may have you know accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There There is there is a reptilian a Draconian um a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello Hello. Hi, I'm hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome so to aliens like us us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan you know Hello. Both of you you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this so time. We're going to to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like that's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you you know know guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge huge. Yeah well. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early early for this but uh their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start start to do a uh bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let no, no, let me have my fun um. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk chipmunk noises in the background, that's you know our kitten Nona if you haven't been been following along the latest week or two okay kitchen. You're so like you come come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel I mean like they're they're bad. They're They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that that I mean documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume costume and set designers um the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And And of course speaking with musicians you know about that one gig there changed their lives get get your peek behind the curtain at like consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever wherever you listen to. Fight class fight class you know consequence podcast Network welcome welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series like presented by W FP FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the the very first I mean official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode episode was recorded live on November uh 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear I mean a very condensed version of that show show with live Q&A from the audience as uh well as questions submitted from our website some some deer hunter trivia and an interview like with somebody on our crew crew and I should mention this room was very big you know very bhumi tall ceiling ceiling. So the so the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about about anchor it's uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free. There's creation tools uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from your phone or computer anchor so distributes your podcast for you. So you can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and uh whatever else they distribute to you can make make money from your podcast with no you know minimum listenership, and it's everything you need need to make a podcast in one place um. Download the free anchor app or go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started like. Thank you. And here we we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in like. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it you know. Waterfowl kind of of just kept us on one basis and we kind of like do a little bit bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow your um favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you you become like a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen listen to them offline like you know I do when you're on a plane or wherever wherever you're traveling and also you uh can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you you haven't done so already be so sure to download the Spotify app and search for D D. Km/h or browse podcast well in your library tab. Control control is the the thing wherein I'll catch the uh conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you okay okay guys first official episode. Yes are yes are the trailer is up on a few few a so few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have have a okay mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell cell phone, you you know know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was was not doing that I mean. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius Sagittarius ass would have loved to um be halfway around the world, but that's a story for for another time. So you're ready to uh introduce ourselves. Yes, you yes, you go first girl girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for for you uh. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life Life. Sharing the well benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in in a meditation of Hope There like are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning uh to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and and I'm Lisa Marie um and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are are going to be serenading you you know with a poem to start. So Andy Andy so Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a poem well by by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought I mean mean the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really um spoke spoke to pies. Season so season so this is called I dream of you to wake wake by like Christina Rossetti. I dream I dream of you to wake would that I I might dream of well you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with with dreams. The dear companion gone well as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy happy dreams. I hold I hold you uh full and night I blush blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and and we so the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's There's um no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but concept but we the the biggest thing that uh I think this is founded on we found there's just just such a lack okay of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister sister this males. Yeah and yeah and so heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we we need us field. So we decided I mean to throw our hat in the ring and and give it a shot and maybe so be groundbreaking and yes card. So I I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were what were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and and you know my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going we're going going to explore topics that are uh too important to wait until your last day on on Earth as we introduce uh each topic. We encourage we encourage you to to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so well each new day could could be your final chance to really live. This week uh we'll be covering introductions for Daniel Daniel and I where the idea for the like podcast came from and some of of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what so would you do do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going well to to die tomorrow? I would I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters starters and well hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before and before we get into another episode episode like of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what what platform we uh use for podcasting. Well, that's well, that's simple we'll use use anchor it's free. It's easy to um use and I just love it. There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and so edit your podcast right from your phone phone or a computer. So if there was something okay in my mind that I'm out out I can easily pull out my phone so go into the episode. I uploaded or about about to upload and edit it there. It's I mean so flipping easy easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and um cool is is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes so Spotify you you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question question I have well for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be be Gourmet stuff, like delicious like olive oils or cookies or that kind of of random shit. Then you need so to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like like wine text, text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and you know know such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low low well prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary you you know sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their their different hustles and how like most of you need to break out of the mold. So So make sure to I mean hit them up and leave a review to let let us know what you thought so and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking looking at some um more educational objectives. Let's get let's get right to it starting with fragile fragile X syndrome so. What is this caused by this is caused by an an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on you know the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm well of the X chromosome and and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of um fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually so want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V V and um podcast form. So please so please hit me up on Twitter Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee so podcast with the W in there there as well so I can see your feedback on well weekly B7. Please hit hit please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you I mean mean like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom I I mean. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience experience. What up what up Podcast today's episode you know is from a recent phone call call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks he speaks about ageism so and how how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and like sizes. So So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought well with with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is well about his his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong you you know about attracting it and making it better. And so and so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as as a Christian uh believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white white. We as we as people are stuck okay here on planet Earth contending with the gray gray in church gray areas often cause dissension like anger and even hate but but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of uh opinion and and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form and I mean mean simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you if you you have a story um or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies Davies at God has gray like XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part part of our okay community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got got a well fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right right. But okay yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really really busy okay with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy busy. Yeah. Sorry, you know not a Hiatus. That means that means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants okay kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess guess that's cool like Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences experiences guy okay is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case on page Carnegie, such I mean he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in in the podcast. Do not reflect so the views and policies of Spotify or the producer producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion um is advised you cut with with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without a okay doubt any direction the OTA OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with okay a walker Gable. Oh, Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked so. Well tahina, tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey hey tofu steak well uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is what is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't haven't heard about anchor I mean is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let me explain one. It's free it's free so like free. Like no money. Like you like like you don't have to pay you have to pay um any money none. It's It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that like allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super I mean simple simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay like for for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you you where you uh will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each each one of us has never so ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than than 25 years. I've had the like opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my my passion for the voice and um jazz on stage since then. I tried to to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or or so whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today today I'm going so to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be be considering opening uh day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a a really weird weird place well right now considering the Astros just cheated their way way into a World Series and okay it's possible that the Red Sox did as as well. And I just I don't really I mean know what to think at at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year well. So To put it it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode episode were journeying back uh to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's team's loss in the World Cup okay. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Andres Escobar that cost Columbia so the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking shocking sports events from history tune like in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special special listen free on Spotify or wherever you you know get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World um Cup American midfielder midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that podcast I mean thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at at patreon.com slash Nori I mean podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of of goodies available. Do you okay want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots knots are reading that week be well a part of a Nori book club get get special access to Nori okay events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what what we're offering and in you know that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of of way that That, you know, we um like to do this list of goodies is is subject to change and we'd very much like well your feedback. Is there something something that you'd really like to see but you know it isn't listed here here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape so what we offer to you you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or well fill out out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor ecom okay okay. Subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while uh since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going going to well have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're we're defining flipping I mean for the conversation today is just the selling of any any shaving related item that's significantly marked you know up from the original price. We We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode um. Hot cake flipping okay, okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to to leave I mean fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're We're recording this like on Monday morning. So at so at this point we've at at least had a couple days okay to digest some of the performances from the the skill position players and that's what we're like going to talk about today the offense offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And so and so I know I said said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you like cannot freak freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes I mean mean. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / um um like fractions of a second. So that so that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view view of you know a player but we did learn some things some players had much much better showing so than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest biggest well scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior Junior. The former Congressman like was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund fund and Congressional staff for uh personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior Junior thought he was getting uh ready to participate in a sting mission for the the FBI the past few years you know on the hill had been tough for him pesky pesky Agents from the bureau had so been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd like outrun his cooked books with with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for like a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the the heart guy and okay had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind mind getting out you know of the head and why that's important. And that's what what today's episode is all about um me and be at had an amazing conversation conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome um insights on what she does to to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in so with source and spirit and so so it was an amazing conversation it was uh recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like like. So my apologies on on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't well know exactly what what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now uh. So just just so just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find find it because um you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where where we chat you know magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light light through up something delicious and you know sit with us for a spell. Welcome Welcome to welcome to this episode of The Magic on the so inside podcast. I'm Sarah head head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted well where we aim to help women all over over the world Conger more joy in so tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today today and today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional additional content about the world I mean of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every so week in addition to your your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True okay Crime themes covered across across the park cast network. We've collected short clips from some of our uh most popular podcast podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like motivation method and like like Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these these uh original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list list of episodes like that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing discussing cases of I mean notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the the you know boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips flips. How are well we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast podcast today. Like you um said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's He's he's got an incredible story, you know but what's the best part about this? Whole Whole thing is you won't believe what well this man's actual name is is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having he's having okay his location location just a block away for over four years going it to um the University of of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I say that we need need more uh voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding holding fast to the like Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are so a lot of ways to get involved and an an easy one is to like start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast podcast hosting platform. If you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to make a podcast. Let me so explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow allow you to record and edit your um podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will distribute your podcast for you. So okay it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually um make some money from your podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything um you need to make a podcast podcast in one convenient location. So if you're I mean interested download the free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to um get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is this is is episode 5 I mean. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got got a lot to uh talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two two matchups. I have uh no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got got we got the beef between you know James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP MVP race and then be a and finally like talk on it. We're going going to touch on to attack of a low and um possibly the Redskins drafting drafting them. All right all right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up like Tre Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in in Maryland you know. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports sports the well past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers Lakers in okay the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted I wanted to inquire about about like hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the okay okay first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's There's okay our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton Charlton room. Sorry I mean the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating seating for up to okay 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money money for a charity and we're you know hoping for at least a hundred and and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for for uh work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's it's a podcast I mean. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John okay. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in in literal like a month ago about a um month like going through withdrawal. We We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In like advance and we caught up up on all of our episodes. So this will come I mean out actually actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the I mean air air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30 I I mean. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud cloud castle spring I mean water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure okay normalizing what what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to um the the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the um um authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was okay an amazing amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle uh. How How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow um the the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women women okay who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I am here to tell you you about okay the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is it is called called anchor this is the app like. I use to create my podcast and I heard heard about it from a friend of well mine who actually does it as well well because I thought at first oh my well gosh, I want to do do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I well have have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices voices okay out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a a so platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know know uh what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free free. There's well creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your your um phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can be so heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with with your um pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum minimum listenership. So if you're ready, well I'm going to tell you right now now to just do it. It's everything you need well to make a podcast in one place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England okay. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the um Mortal Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome okay okay to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and and um only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank Thank I mean you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when when I listen like to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why why are you speaking so so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really really quickly is that uh you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want want to listen to so me, you know, get get the Full Effect one one more in gram or it cram so more of me in right? So what we're we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no need you know to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage damage. And anyway, this is just so what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at at some point and movement really seems to okay make all the difference which I I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined well by Jenna and and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite you you know a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we are you you know going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up to to her and uh I working together where she's at. Now what she likes likes about our time together things that I mean you can't stand also perhaps we'll we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just just they're just so making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually well a bunch of like slow releasing like like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like like analgesics and you know those anal anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't I can't wait you know either. I'm gonna gonna see ya. I'm going I'm going to see a little bit a little my I I mean hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say say well that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and and I'm I mean Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so so yeah, so I guess uh we're going to try and just talk about something reason reason that's happened in the well news and I think the bigger story which we thought thought was kind of entertaining was so Donald Trump and Modi had a little little chat together. So Trump so Trump went to India. Oh, yes you know Trump went went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay so look before before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time uh uh and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now now um. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but yeah, but this is hilariously like like you know this is hilarious. So I so I think I think everyone would have have seen the movie names and uh stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean uh like he tried his hardest to get there there like to talk about them, which I mean is good. I mean who's who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about um Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank Thank like you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in in you know carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before before let's go I mean check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something is is something that would really Define you know who we are as a church and I I just want to I just want like to take this opportunity to to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in I mean deeper Taco something something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe okay we we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the well Holy Spirit Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this okay episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find find offensive. We uh we uh advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It It was a cold and rainy January night in like 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just just outside of Portland Linda Slauson so a pretty 19 year old woman made her way way up a dimly lit Street weighed you know down by the heavy carrying case case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from okay Rochester Minnesota looking looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead so. She found endless days days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson you know know call today. I'm talking I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at at Cupertino High School and so a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three three years of Performing. She was she was selected as uh the principal euphonium player player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band you know in 2018 choose accept accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one okay of of the the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been you know accepted accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the so nation this this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium I mean mean and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth like like he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese made I mean with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect perfect for spreading okay on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol ol should be the you know only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this I mean since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris um Ryan. I am joined joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you you know have the the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this like like episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It um um is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or so a a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is this is why Shaggy are first of all, I I would like like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app or go well to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has has made it I mean. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast podcast was so easy I mean. If I if I had only known it it like five ten years before early because all I need um to do is is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just you know know click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will okay publish it it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and okay I do do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys uh uh. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you you I mean have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to to okay the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara Mascara. Now so now so my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one uh Bitcoin show. Today is today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the you know Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about okay that today Relentless. This is your home home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you how you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk talk to you a okay little bit today about some happen to me the other other day and they've asked me like if I tell you about it just because because it kind of changed my life so. I think it'll change your life. It changed changed it changed his life changed my aunts life changed um everybody's life. So I so so I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today but today I walked so so in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford like ain't ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing um two skaters skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need need uh to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie Tie a tie a seat right so there. He said I want to tell you you about something that I found well out they if you haven't heard about it. I I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He so says it's called anchor and and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and um I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Murphy's Law. This uh is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva Villanueva. We're super excited today so. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk talk about including a um an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta gotta check in with so Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm I'm not I'm not much is going I mean on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, happening, but we're still standing here. So let's well fucking do this. I want to hear hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an so interesting one and something I've I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys so that have been listening listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season okay Mandalorian. We both both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting so so Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from hard work grows over over time Proverbs 13 you know 11. I read a story recently about a a 24 year old who I mean went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked asked to see her spending habits the you know author of the article shared that that through to over the phone sessions in a okay couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found found that she didn't have to give up so things. She really loved to save money that that realization helped her get past Financial well anxiety and helped her to make productive spending spending cuts during the sessions. Which each okay lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared shared screens to look at a monthly okay credit card statement and addressed goals for the the week. The financial accountability was intended you know to help her prepare and save save for the future. It's encouraging to know that um the Bible is full of of wise advice on how to handle and how to view well Money In fact money is is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse I mean from Proverbs we heard heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus focus on non-traditional uh career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate. This is this is a podcast about taking The so Road Less Traveled Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles I mean and Hoops Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your like host. Host Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist stylist Storyteller uh editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of of things to uh do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every every week. I'm going I'm going to so be sitting down with another multi - - it whom I admired deeply to talk through so their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot lot beaches? I mean I mean You can't hope to control we talked about peace and and you kill cuz okay it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not not be glad that you so did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments uh uh participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I but I I guess that's cool okay Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you you came a personal experiences guy is well capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie well such. He coaches coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not um reflect the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast like listeners discretion discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast. Let me uh explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record record and edit your podcast um right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for you. So it can be I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from you know your podcast with no minimum. Listen Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one okay place download the free free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, okay this is is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so I'm so excited about talking okay okay to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Theology love Theology and so health because I believe that wealth is not just about about how much money you like have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony Harmony in your personal life your like professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that uh the the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be be priced. This like is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John John 15 verses okay 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have so so have I Loved You Now you know remain in my love. If you keep my my commands, you will remain in my love I mean just as I have kept my father's father's commands and remain in his love I have told you like this so that my my joy may be in you and that your joy may be complete uh. My command command is this love each other as I have loved you greater love has no well well one than this to lay down one's life for As friends you are are my friends. If you if you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery self-mastery podcast. I want to thank uh you for your support and listening to each episode episode and I hope you enjoy this so one. If you haven't heard about anchor its its easiest way to make podcast. It's like totally free that's creation tools that allow allow you to record and edit your well podcast right from your phone or computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know you can be heard heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more like you you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to so make make a successful podcast download the free. God will god will go to Anchor FM FM well to get started. Hey, what's hey, what's up guys today? We have what what is perhaps the oldest like question in the book one that mankind has been asking asking itself since the beginning of recorded like history and one that I think every single human human being comes face-to-face with I mean individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's uh. I I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing so so I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly Holly. I'm with uh formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what that's what I'm trying to to say to you is like go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally originally aired on okay YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is is not any uh more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking walking the dog or um driving the car where it's not so easy to watch watch the video version I mean. This is why this audio version exists. If you like like us doing this, I mean please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we we really do appreciate it like and let's get into this episode. So today's today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a um genius of entertainment a wizard of of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks I mean the influence of Walt Disney on on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It so cannot be understated. You could love him. You You can hate him or you can uh love to hate him but you simply cannot cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once you know famously said that laughter is is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually like travel and transportation with with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn turn when Rachel Lindsay uh emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist you know DMS that I certainly won't be be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both uh fans of the show and alumni alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor um Nation fans think it's completely completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and I mean eat it too with with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying like how the producers run run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show um taking no no accountability for it was crap at no point at The well Bachelor show Runners Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The okay show show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't can't guarantee an so engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there there will so be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then then confronting I mean her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name my name is Charles. I'm one of the interns interns here I mean at College Christian church for the college age. And today and and today we are talking uh about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor uh. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing doing I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have okay you here. Taylor Taylor is taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos like like as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that that journey you know of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I I could see it sprouting, so but I had a good Community there, but it really really started to take effect well my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what what ways do you think you know like a kind of came about in college? Well, Well, I well, I came to Missouri so Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the like like easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me me to so provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools tools that allow me I mean to record and edit my podcast right from my phone phone computer. You may remember so Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone phone and anchor made it you know very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast cast right from my phone. It's everything you uh need to make a podcast in one convenient convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at um um the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an an like exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew Matthew so chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned learned how well it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But But I so say this to you love your enemies and pray for those those who persecute you in so this way. You will be sons of your father father in Heaven for he causes so his sun to rise on bad men as as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f uh m m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you you need um to record edit. Plus they'll plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the the major channels including Spotify okay Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge charge you can make money with no okay minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot uh f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy like like with poles and some killed her today. We'll be we'll be talking to Jane Louis Louis you know co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined joined by uh Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the the end for a okay song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of of March. 2020 at well Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International International women's day will also have five beers on tap well from two birds and we go go through the episode and we try and have a um taste of all of of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah so yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two okay okay episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her her boyfriend so Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her her mind and then encouraged well him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his his death or okay did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more more about So it's uh like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever wherever you get your podcasts. Due like due like to the graphic nature of these crimes listener listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions I mean of violence and and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one word okay. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make make a podcast you know. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to to you that allow so you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone or computer. And you know once you finish recording you let anchor take care of of Distributing your podcast too um many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And And it's that easy now I mean not only is Anchor easy to use but it's it's profitable to with anchor it's okay possible for you to make money talking about about the things that you love with uh no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to to yourself. This is this is too good to like be true. How much is it it cost me to use anchor. Are you I mean ready for this zero? It It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing Channing you know show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm I'm here so. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who who aren't you know listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my my coolant shitty show so of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of of day that you are well listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming coming back Corey. Thanks for listening uh for the first time. We're really glad you're nice nice to meet you how it look like you okay hit play Hey for all of you you that haven't done this already. We'd love for uh you to subscribe and give us us five stars. That'll help. Bus out bus out you can do okay that wherever you're you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got well a Facebook Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download download and a I mean 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a a hundred eighty thousand titles I mean to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or or MP3 player. Before we get so into today's episode. I just want to take take a minute to talk to you about making okay authentic friendships. You might you might might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures uh in autism. She is is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that like enables children children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age uh interest interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with so other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just we just wanted to take a moment and Shout out so our our podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode I I mean using anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to to well know. It's the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can can make money from well the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super super easy to use with creation tools that allow okay you to record and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor okay distributes your podcast for for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast like and many other platforms and and the best part is it's free. It's everything you you know need to make a a podcast in one place. So get on it and I mean go download the free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get I mean started started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we so so witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't don't I don't well know about you guys. But those those last couple of of podcasts leading up to pre-spring like and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, Yeah, give me something give me something to work um with and we certainly have something something to work with feel like we're answering August uh questions in February. I know know I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in well that stuff and and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice uh under our our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about you know that. I want want to start with the in book because and Pete I you know saw you you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to like you you and I put out a list this morning of the five that the the five you know that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable comparable there especially at safety check like out your list, but but Ian Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this podcast okay. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to to life again I mean through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most most of the well time messy. Thanks for thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey Hey everybody today. I um have my good friend will with me on the show. What What up, what up, he is uh from Texas. Yeah good yeah good to have have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's like right. But today we're just going going to be talking about dating and especially in the so Christian world and what that that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me I mean a a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for for the so reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is is also sponsored okay anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia Sophia will be myth karev um to her proper. She look today as well as all all the singles of marriageable well age. And as and as well breakfast is sponsored by by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving well memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a so cold brew is dedicated in loving loving memory and was in his mat raffaella um empanadas and watch them out for my in in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have well Shalom family Robert. I Robert I I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes you know fascinating they attacked it survey the the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this this I mean is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome Welcome to uh the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name my name is Tyrone. I'll be your your host. I'm not I'm not joined like by anybody today as has become custom custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've well said today the plan is I you you know, I really struggled over the course of um the week to come up with with things that I wanted to talk about. And you and you like know, I I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee coffee. We're your well hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you you guys about the Florence well hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a a case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer okay Lele blue eyes. So thank you so so much for listening and leaving a well comment for us and we're excited to to share this case with you support um yourselves a strong cup of Joe and and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a uh customer is pulling into the the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done okay. Her appointment was at 11 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw she saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how uh uh the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years years I mean to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was was born who would uh eventually be tried for the murder of a single single woman. It would take years for like police to connect him to four other other murders years and a clever. A gator agator who so got the DNA he needed needed. So if so if you like your coffee hot, well but your bones chilled chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup like of murder on May May 6th. 1986 21 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered you know know inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way way. But first, let me so tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a podcast. Let me explain okay first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free free and there's creation tools that allow you uh to record and edit your podcast right right from your phone or computer and anchor will um distribute your podcast for you. So So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many I mean many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from you you know your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything you need. Need to need need to make a podcast well in one place. So get started today start your your podcast get your voice out I mean there download the free anchor app or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get um started and now a word about about Spotify on Spotify. You can you can listen to all of your well favorite favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free free. You I mean don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of of podcasts well on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of of like my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you you had a good you know day. We're using the mic this time. So you're you're welcome for that. Yeah, except yeah, except it's uh on earbuds. So we got to like like pass it to each other. You're some okay like that's that's us passing the mic welcome welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great so stuff in store for for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That so that so was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want I want to take take a second to well talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make okay a podcast. Let me let me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record like and edit your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your uh podcast for you you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many um more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's everything I mean you need to make a podcast in one place download the the free anchor app um or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are Are you going to love okay this one? I put out so much content that that if you listen to my stuff okay for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode this episode is being brought to to you I mean by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a a podcast hosting and um distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aren't aware of what like it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you you can go and find out like anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and and the various different platforms. It also so has a lot of editing tools tools where you can edit your podcast right from a like phone or a computer. It's basically basically everything you need to have a nice podcast you know all in one place. So, So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or so go to Anchor or or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? like Hey, bro, I'm good good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this like for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am I am calling this number because I saw it on on a bathroom you know wall. See if see if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're you're listening to Brandy is going to well hell and today is going to be extremely extremely exciting. I have Adam well Breeze of Raven I with us but before we hop into into that, I just okay wanted to go over I sold myself short on the the last episode about my romantic okay capabilities. I think I came up on the last last. Episode saying that I don't you know remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, like but I personally think I've I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a okay heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him I mean Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to to guide like to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life life and um racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the the most interesting and um accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you you entertained on those long slow runs well. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach like and I'm joined here here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert like extraordinaire. You can like us us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and uh on Instagram and Twitter and and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by you know clicking visit group on on our page and sending us a member of West if I mean you're enjoying enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes I mean and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may ask well that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years years old like Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had he had gotten Natan a a sty Fergus Ace Qbert I mean Boos. Oh the oh the clown the guy has all all sorts of nicknames and I assure you know you I'm going to tell you those those stories from all over. The years but the reason um we're looking for Nate Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity like to disappear and I'm not not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe like even a couple days days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking I'm talking six months like to a a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of I mean mean stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to uh uh business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week um. We're looking looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so so you know you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this this book this week uh because I like I just went to revisit it a wee wee bit and I realized you know so much of this stuff. I didn't didn't realize I was doing since I read okay this book, but it kind of just just there so intuitive they just kind of made well their way into my routine because because I was aware of a way to do things you know better integrate at the the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't didn't even use it uh. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and and right so hello. Hi uh. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice voice of God special guest for haven't uh eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding funding. What are you here for the title okay of the show some Pisco rational brought brought up but English on the translator is um interpreter translating right or crooked right? right So bend so bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us so who you are are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the the dominating Edge today. We'll so we'll so speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So So stick around when I was a kid. Kid okay kid okay growing up in Minnesota Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old so. I was having a a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted so to accept an offer to play play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player well. Already playing with with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the the community okay of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to to so become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do do this. Hello and so welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The The Meta and the community of I mean the legends of runeterra. I'm one I'm one one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of uh Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of an an you know in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our our schedules to work together uh this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen like like to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free I mean mean without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every imaginable topic well plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode episode premium users well can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and and easily share what well you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't done so already so Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse uh podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make make sure to follow me. So you never miss okay an episode of Optimal Health Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the you know benefits of sleep sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel so so Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of of pediatric traumatic hip well dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and well may occur due to low injuries sports injuries injuries in children less than 10 years of like age treatment is urgent closed reduction under under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may you know be required if there is is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of 80% of like these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations well. And these injuries are more common common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are well more common than hip fractures fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in uh patients aged less than 10 may may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or uh a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at at okay lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for see for for forward Tyler did all that all of so it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in well the whole wide world. He didn't didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if there were um no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello you hello you know everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For For those of uh you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before before and there were some you know major major news dropped today and I'm sure sure you know about it. I don't know okay how much time you've had to to think about this but this is a new story that um really does does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you uh have have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby I mean mean. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad I'm glad this up actually actually okay did as much research. You looked you looked into it to find out what what her um deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is this is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope I hope you you enjoy the um most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend friend spending their hard-earned money you know to buy tickets to come to your your shows. You don't you don't need this right here. I I I I mean promise promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso so so around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what what you're you know about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our our friends who's a teacher At so Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny I mean to come in talk about about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good um talks about core values talks talks about how important those are and how vital it I mean is to know know what your core values are so you can create culture within your I mean mean team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled uh programming programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent correspondent okay Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American American Museum of Natural History um. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode episode where we outline like why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty uh badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call call today. Sure. I don't uh know if you're on social media, but on Twitter Twitter and Instagram there has been so a flamingo event. In the last week week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you um know brought to my attention by a few few people. It looks like a picture um from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and hello and and welcome to the like SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host host yell Segal. I'm here with uh Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL LL. Oh and you're the CEO so season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks sharks baby shower I mean. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let Let us tell you know you ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where where you um need help, please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline hotline their hotline is 165 uh six four six seven three one eight hundred hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car car can um be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family you you know require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you you find uh it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I I am okay so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't weren't you're so happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly Honestly driving. Sports cars um in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just just driving it period it you know honestly I last started it the day day after Christmas because I had to get it so out of the garage garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my so head around around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So okay okay that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved it moved was was you know a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the so the tires by by the way, where there's uh one thing. I mean I could tell mean mean granted it's not a heavy car well is true. I could tell that the the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard well well and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon uh uh believe it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the the well Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that that I know whoo-hoo you know today. We thought for today's death. We would actually actually just it's really just part of you know an unload we would just learn learn the dots together and see what we can glean from I mean some of its its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first like topic topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to to like add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based I I mean practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking talking just talking to teachers I mean welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in in association with the teacher development you know trusts and now proudly sponsored by John John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back okay Lean podcast this week. So there there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy uh section where where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return um next week week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in in like conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording recording so especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording okay okay a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do yeah, do you like thinking? No No. Well, sometimes you like like thinking deep. Yeah. How about how about having fun? Of course? course Well, then we've like got the podcast for you. We are dude for for Thought come join us as we so try to find the line between philosophical philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical um. Hey, if you're listening to to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know I mean mean. We're just we're just kidding about that. I'm saying I'm saying like like a a couple of issues like hey, I well got a couple issues with for we don't don't have a low blow but we don't have um issues or just so we'll just just call it the Tim and Chris Donna like podcast for now, of course town town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds like better. We'll figure it out. I I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, well this is our podcast is first time something something new just you know had an idea one well day like hey, you you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes well we're going going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might so as well well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about the gross uh margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model Model S and so plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm I'm really really excited about you know from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out out on this shout out to so the third row podcast. I came up the idea for for this episode. We were well just recording and we're talking about this new track package package that came out for okay the model 3. It's like it's like a a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool uh looking new tire tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand um and then then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these uh brake brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's okay gotten gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just just you know thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort sort of this you know luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services services that sort uh of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the the track package well is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling telling well you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the it's it's the best app to use um for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy easy. You can use your phone computer um or any other device to record record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't so just go on acre. They post post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and I mean to help you you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one so place and it it is the best platform to create. Any type of you know podcast I I think this is episode 4. I don't I don't know how many episodes I've uh uh done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I yeah, I okay don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're We're going well to talk about the combine that just happened and how the the Panthers are going like to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time time flies when you're um having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a a good one. Nice you nice you know Feel Good Friday to send you in in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have so conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play play from the New Orleans Saints playoff uh game that you would want to hear hear the answer from has a very good answer I mean. Also Aaron Jones in in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could okay potentially want want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen like like to this show. I mean I mean you could do a lot of other things things with your I mean earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use use Q-tips uh and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me me too you know. I love I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by by the way, though because they like you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look no you know further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make make a podcast. Literally um it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to to pay to well host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record record and edit your podcast I mean right from your phone or computer an anchor will will distribute your podcast for you. So um you don't have to mindlessly or or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify uh and apple and and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can uh make money. I'm I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want uh in in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get you you know it out. You want you want to write a note just upload and and turn on your anchor okay app on your phone and hit record and save save notes to your library to upload to I mean future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you you haven't heard about anchor like it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let me explain. It's a it's a hundred percent free um this creation tools that allow you you to record and edit your podcast right from your well phone, or you can do it it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's I it's I mean going going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify Spotify I mean and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from from your podcast like with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything you need to to make a podcast and one place download okay the free anchor app or go to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started uh. You're listening to the high up up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you I mean and me to invest invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen okay arrivals. I'm I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money like by by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and uh sharing my my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and I mean more importantly who who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the so show. It's your your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya like my my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a a mica I mean covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code code. That's KU that's KU Z AZ uh and me honking honking meaning in in a script to get the full code. Just you know listen to our full Kodak bad bad habit by again. This is huge and you're like listening to good answers. Hi, I'm I'm youths and we are living to have you so here with us on good good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address I mean. Hello Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're you're listening you know to for this episode guys. Now you now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our it's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're counting we're counting down the you know top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 31 years. Today's event today's event comes to um us from 1992. When the when the the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable well group of youths youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world so until deceptions of of age and geography came to light and changed everything for okay more shocking sports events events from history tune in right here. Day to our March uh Madness special listen free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little okay League World Series Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while I I mean it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some some okay 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God God plead like the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave wave around and tries to even like come close. The fault so don't meditate and and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did um you hear this more people are are dying now and this was happening is coming okay close some of already coming coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to I mean come to Hyderabad don't don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out like of Hyderabad right? There There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back to the Disney College podcast podcast. I'm here um with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So So on so on this episode we so are man for episode is really funny because we're we're just kind of diving. All right you know into it. We're going to demonstrate demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that so this is going to be be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you so want to to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended you know know so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just okay what what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what what we uh are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus coronavirus the coronavirus is you know the Talk of the Town right now and today I want want to cover it in I mean some detail from a bit of a a different angle. All in this episode you know I want to talk less less about masks and hand sanitizer and well more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe maybe economic impact just the overall you know impact. This is having on well everyone everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me give give me P frog well. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's It's called it's called ammo no you know photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I so I so heard I heard because I I played it for you. This one's for you man. I so don't know not to go go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No like photo show. We are are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta okay rap rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast I I mean. We wouldn't we wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough enough social door well - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, Anyway, I love Snoop I mean Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the like like wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I I knew okay of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of of well two warring American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to to well fuckboys of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this this book? That just that just you know gets it I mention it on Twitter and and it gets love letters. So with me so today is writer journalist Leslie gray gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good you know. I'm really really good. Thank you. I am I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host. Dr well. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology Psychology. I'm also okay the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care care. I love you know helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders disorders and stress, please join us each like week as we share real sessions with with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques uh for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood mood disorders and stress will discuss what like effective therapy looks like sounds like and and feels like will follow our guests as so they overcome their biggest fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still uh live a rich rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base uh and seeks to find find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those okay skills skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help conversations um with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Sosa of holistically Grace okay as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring exploring Health through the uh mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an an author Wellness consultant well and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered centered on helping others find their voice like through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic so behind words for Wanderer loving loving my language neon soul and my all-time uh favorite the today I affirm Journal which which I have to be honest has been I mean the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to to think I mean fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is is the voice of so DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition edition of big fashion big bank. We got family uh in the building y'all nudity nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome I mean. How you feeling, bro? Feeling Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a I mean conversation. This ain't this ain't ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like uh talking to to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man so talk real real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to to okay do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the uh uh whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you can you do do that? Hmm? Okay well. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked talked it uh was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper Rapper and how I mean you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain certain parts of it you um like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are you are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm I'm going so to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met met let's uh see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's It's hard to believe you know that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Natural Health. All of that so kind of thing usually is what we would talk about about when we get together. She's um since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted chatted in a um while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has has spent the you know last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty pretty into it whenever I okay met her and she has spent all these years doing doing that. So she's going to share some well of her knowledge of herbs and we we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize that so I have not figured figured out yet, which I need to do before I do this I mean again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are are those so who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And And we are uh your hosts for this podcast. All right, all right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with with taboo um. Welcome to welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you well can smell it the weekends here and that's that's when you let the freaks like out the weekends for the freaks. Before I I get into this week's episode. I well just want to tell you that this this Friday March the 6th. I will I will be in Iowa so City City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will so so be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the the E you know - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really if really really excited to I mean play that venue but today on the the podcast. I want I want to talk about uh fucking up and why it's it's okay to fuck up. Let's get let's get into this week's episode so. Are the the are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that you you know a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard hard towards so Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and and I am joined like by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the the dream speakers in okay another episode of tomes of magic. But before but before we do, do, I thought it might be okay nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you you doing. I am doing you know fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast podcast to talk about the woo Kang like now we talked for almost two two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang like because B ches discussion discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where he takes I mean 18 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but well the the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and North okay American American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm so I'm like, let's let's figure okay out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 9:00 pm uh. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake wake up at you know that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like like the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of the okay most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists artists episode. We're exploring we're exploring the well most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the the park has Network. We've collected short so clips from some of our our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, I mean like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is uh you you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen so to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in in well the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back well well with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last you know few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and and um up as of right now. There are there are more than 95,000 cases and over over 3,000 debt so and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more more than 70 like countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in in the US just this week you know the World Health Organization put out out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with like headlines saying that it's it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get um it worldwide. So So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our so podcast is based based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration okay of things going wrong wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for okay them them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their their like career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to to I mean plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm I'm like the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Neil Blake with okay me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's so let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm so so Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for for sexy monologues. I'm um Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good like morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not not feeling very well Queen Hazel I mean. And so he's chilling at home home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi so. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill drill you sure I mean as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another another action-packed episode for you well here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the I mean ones and twos and the the man the solution to our audio that is like Tyler on the dice today rocking rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after okay Friday Tuesday after after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with with well us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that that with the uh new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing thing of the so past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Advanced Skin safe technology. So okay so okay you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City City sits one of the well most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with so a worst of the worst many of them were were there for Life others for okay death. By that time the electric electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred okay and forty three murderers in New New York City alone. And that number would grow far well greater as the the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in so 1921 who had had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted um of murdering murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve I mean mean from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the so so reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore anymore okay. Their Amorous their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases cases um. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe maybe you've even so been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you you never will. It right after all you're okay in a good relationship and and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until so one day. It happens happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us us okay go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in in the description below okay. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome welcome back to our / Petty Revenge uh the subreddit where people post stories of of small victories over those who dared to um cross them. Today's post post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm uh out. So this happened happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in you know know some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school school. He uh decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with with a recruiter and events would be like organized for all the new recruits to hang hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it what it was was that again is I mean after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, credit, thank you, Maggie. I uh love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after after credits. My name is Bryce well and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, uh this is the first episode of our And And we basically the end. Oh my um God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin I'm Erin Erin and you're like listening to see and be seen I cast this is is a show where we'll be so discussing the creative like not just as individuals but but also as a community will also talk you know about what it's like to to express ourselves and share stories through our respective you know creative Fields. Also the the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring um other artists on on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, um be be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name my name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's Let's talk so about gold. Go touch go touch an intraday high of almost almost one thousand six hundred and ninety um dollars per ounce in February. This is a a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 so January 2013. The question of of most people's minds right now is can go beat his record uh high set on on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of okay okay 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now now so. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those those sites in 2011 you know. Let's take let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur every entrepreneur entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges so a lot of obstacles and these were the the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience like of 26 years. I'm here I'm I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you know you're joining joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual which virtual met the business uh uh mentor? Hey, have hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when when okay I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind kind what kind of host you know how to do it in general general when I was trying to browse. It was so I mean complicated so much so so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name name like is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the the thing, which uh what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you you just skipped like it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah Yeah. Well, why well, why would okay I say this if there's no guests guests today? That is true. We don't we don't have uh a guest one thinking ahead ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest so was going to to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought I thought it'd just just be nice well just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a well great great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a so new new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage well on on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage okay so so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I'd well say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost almost at five I mean dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think think we can probably Go uh to the dollar store almost five round trips trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy okay ball or like a confetti confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef uh stick or this this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a um dart dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is so the most most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy so so likes five people what could go wrong? We would we would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and and uh every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on on uh the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way way to okay the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist scientist who helped okay discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and and the scientists name was Rosalind um Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was franklin was curious about about science as a young girl. She grew she grew up in so London London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that you know taught women women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted I mean to be be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in in this is our podcast okay. I wanted to thank you for joining joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it builds so your faith. Hope it hope hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in okay your your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going okay okay to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 19 verses uh today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow like like. God bless you. My scripture my scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter chapter 11. This sermon okay will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it it last night. The Lord showed you know up. I thought he did till nobody said there there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast uh uh. I am I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an an interactive online community like of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and and curate online for well us to talk about which is why both our tagline tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle um for this discussion series is talk about it it. Most of these uploads are originally stream well live on our YouTube page. If If you're interested in interacting with those as they um happen live, please go subscribe subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and like in general to learn more more about our club what we do and how you can become you know a member member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast. I wanted I wanted uh to take a brief moment today to let you you know about the easiest way I mean possible to start your very own podcast. Some Some of the more important aspects are so actually having a service to host and distribute distribute the show as well as software like to record each episode for the longest longest time. I actually paid money to host the so packet a podcast and have a a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software well as as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we we need okay to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer computer tablet or cell phone so. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership uh. If you're serious about starting your your own podcast, you better be serious about well using anchor download the anchor app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know know that you know the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchor anchors it easiest okay way to make a podcast and they give you everything everything you need in one place for you know free. That's right. They give it it to you for free, but you can use right from your okay phone or or computer. They also they also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to so so record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you you distribute uh the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we we do I mean you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and and many more. You can also well make a little bit of Ching from your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So I so I mean download the anchor anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a you know know fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to I I mean Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level okay okay endeared herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with with her, well she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot shot. Someone say surprise so. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between between Peaks podcast you know. I am I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am I am I mean here. This is our our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back you know to the the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this um was was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there there you know was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable sustainable development uh goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and and Kevin here you know to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's today's STG well talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably probably another 10 years to um actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 25 years in advance for um a population 25 years later and you know similar to to what many things happen uh in the world. We usually plan something for the present present and then it doesn't end well up working out for object data is currently currently a PhD student at the University uh of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis okay around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our show I mean notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in in a transitional phase like and I had a dream to start a business and and I had been had that dream for I mean about 15 years and I I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I um worked hard and when when I started listening to you, I left a really high well profile job, and and I did and I started a business. And for and for two years, um I I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than um um I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and and uh the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it it was huge you know and it launched in a way more than I could could have ever asked for you know no not more than you could have have ever asked for us in a way so that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you uh know, you you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have you know a a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're we're um just here to serve each other to get this money and then we we walking apart you know. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the the success when you ask that well question, you know was a success not enough enough to sustain it. I don't think okay it was enough because we just just weren't having fun. When we when we weren't enjoying each other like. Meaningful ways ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be okay okay totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and well well blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm um your your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT you know know Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that that I mean you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North you know. We have have we have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another um action-packed power power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked we asked Alex last last well week. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous ridiculous uh. I think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's Obama's beige suit um and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, look, That you Tyler this well guy is dialed in and now what it it what is the flower there? It's so a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, know, it adds a little flare a little spice so. So you are and are you going going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep um getting me right before before my work shifts. So well, so well, so what we're going to okay do do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got we got got a big I mean before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode okay of the Ike Box podcast. We have we have a great show show for you guys today you know. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host host and it's you know actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are are on the schedule. Brian is brian is um in a meeting and we need to to get you a preview. So we're going to I mean talk a lot about about the Box first Lakers. A lot alot of people well consider this to to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf well well at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time um um the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form form well and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline headline writers dream of well and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about about like anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that that is a well good point and gives you everything you need in one place for for well free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor anchor you I mean can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your your podcast sound as okay good as my voice or you can upload a podcast podcast that you might have uh recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast podcast for you so it can Be uh heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many many more. You can you can make uh easy money for your podcast. I'm I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? so No minimum listenership required download the the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- um right now. Yeah Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would uh uh be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life life during uh wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm warm meal with you know a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of of a lonely and grueling 50-mile well bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat sweat glistened on her um forehead as she peddles along the share river in France France her bike kicked up dust so as she squeezed the brakes just around around a bend in the river a bridge uh came into view German soldiers coated coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that like bridge was the fastest route route across the river a straight shot to like deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning morning and night toothbrushing like show start brushing on the top of your mouth and and brush in little circles all like the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today today we're talking about a courageous okay woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble trouble Nene. Tasmania is an island like near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the the palala the Paulo were well the first people to live on that island and tricking tricking Nene was one of I mean the palala people switcher rushing to the the other side of the top of okay your mouth and brush the molars in the the way back. Nene was nene was the daughter I mean of a leader and and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, Well, it's um the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of of our Partnerships are so going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so so excited. I mean this well is I think the first time ever right we able to to combine everybody together okay and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love Love retreat in May okay we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is Is he going um to be a salon? Because of because of course we we going to be there with her you know love Retreats. We really we really Mega excited excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth uh is going to tell us us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very like schedule is City City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're okay going to to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want I mean mean to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so so I'm so uh excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can anyone anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little so idea idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the like anchor dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms platforms I mean. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right right from your phone like or a computer check out anchor dot f m or or Download the free um anchor app to get started. This segment this segment is is brought to you by jig Master jigs okay when in doubt get the jig jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo um code. Pmf 20 and save 20 20 percent off your next gig order today um. Welcome to the pedal and and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where you know we try to improve our our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very it's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City City office I mean is right now and every time he needs to make make a change she has to run across I mean the room. Like it's like it's it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the uh sort of you know, know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah okay yeah yeah okay is well. I mean, I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You You have a giant so paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it of of it and you have I mean to pull out boogers to get it to start start recording. Right? Right. My audio um interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I I do need to dig around like in there and then I do get if if I say, you know, if I cuss okay too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a a Koosh ball at me and I like hurts a lot. A lot of people will will talk about that. Those have those have you know a lot of ballistic ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually like actually I have a cone.
All right, all right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm I'm your host future and I'm uh here with a guest today Dover. He's from from the skirt and he's going to join so us for the ride on the the first ever episode of Melody our little silver. How so you doing? How are you you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I um feel bad man after day day work. It's good to just come back and relax at so home. All right, right, all right, so What do you think the goal is for the so so podcast? Honestly, I honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me me let me try to Enlighten um the that a little bit. So basically it did did start out as a meme between um me and bay on the Discord server bunch of of people were just talking about I mean us having great voice and we should should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow okay your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay okay you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen listen to them uh offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're you're traveling uh and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't haven't done I mean so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for for D. Km/h or I mean browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a regular you know Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I I so I so have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to to share of so one of which is the fact that I have literally not had had a job for uh the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably probably aside from like like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of of my mother and my bank I mean account. I have not consistently been working and and I think that's for a few okay reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the the sounds like of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise demise is it uh hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in in your wake you so let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must it it must have been your imagination. Suddenly uh. You feel a cold wind rip around around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic you know display display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their um victory that takes takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk talk about you know a few things that actually had conversations with some of you you over last week so and earlier this week. And the first thing was was poor is why am I well not posting the full week of workouts on on Facebook a week in advance and it's uh simple reason really I just want don't don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you know you guys have certain certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so and so there like like are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make make it. And uh that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't don't want um you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout workout that like you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in in uh the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a I mean podcast. Let me let me explain first it's free. Then there's then there's there's creation tools that allow okay you to record and edit your podcast right from from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute I mean your podcast for you. So it it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast so and many many more you can can make money from your podcast with like no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place like download the free anchor app. Go Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's so up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is is podcast. I'm your I'm your host Olympian Kip uh Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We you we you know have have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won they won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and and second century so BCE. So how so how did one of the most efficient and and influential combat outfits of all time you know vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy enjoy this episode and want to hear well more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check check out par cast presents March Mysteries, okay you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone okay conspiracy theories and more follow Park Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere I mean you listen to podcasts podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory Rory um the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing thing we uh can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll They'll um think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and and I'm uh here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be like like talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk uh uh has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a well really really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few uh months months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous well well. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a a lot of followers I mean. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really really popular uh. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera camera on that um one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a like like podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop Workshop like. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this um isn't isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you you you know are bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to to fix stuff and you know re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with with the show in this so show. I cover I cover recent news and and questions that I've been asked by the community um. I then I then then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about well maniples the basic basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some um time discussing discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and um realizing have a a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on uh the man of courses courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than like I initially planned planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout um the main section of of the shug. This week this week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app today uh and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries on personal development like productivity business and more listen to them while working out out or commuting to work and I mean get the key insights of books in in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom so. App and download our app for for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by so Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith well. Introduction Mira is making a big big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's you know worth of blog blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go like all in you you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard uh the quote give give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over okay okay a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six six feet deep outside um and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the the porch roof well watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a you you know nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he my he thought I'll bet I I mean that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated floated like out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching like like the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against against the like current. This was obviously very strange. So the so the lad kept kept his eye on it. It floated it floated I mean Upstream around the corner of of the house and came floating back down again you know after a while. It It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura okay okay and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and and I mean Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you you just stumble in like on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to to there was like like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was was feeding me like, you know well something if it's wow, it's like the the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's like just the two of us us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there so are watching us us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade you know into their their lives. I love that. I hope I hope that's how people see us in okay okay their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you you must have a lot you know of scenes that open like that? You're a a you're a part of this. Oh, it's just uh like a myth girls like walking kind kind of in we're talking about those are some uh of my favorite scenes like, you you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a like feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we you know are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to to well sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a a high well intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into into the podcast. We okay we okay thought we might share one of them with you you now, but remember if you want you know to be involved, don't forget. You You send us a DM. Send us your questions so and we'll go from there. We hope hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I well did the whole sort of winning winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like like did Miami Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had uh uh one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you you about I mean anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's free. There's so there's so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your podcast right from your you know phone or computer. You can you can make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um and anchor will distribute your podcast podcast for you so we can be heard on okay Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in well one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have so a special special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want you want to introduce yourself over well well there? My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay Yay. So okay Catherine dances with me. I haven't I haven't said the name of our our company because I mean I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet discreet can keep it discreet like I'll okay probably accidentally say it but, you know, know, you can edit it. I recommended that okay I just For like PR PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to uh this. But yeah, yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company well well. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And And um and um I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone alone. So the so the uh Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to welcome to Nintendo Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is like Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've okay got a good show for you. Today Today. We're going to be talking about the news uh from the week including a lot lot of news coming out of platinum games and uh Yacht Club and then then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of um Zelda A to Z Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might I might yeah, yeah, I'm dead excited. I um also love horror movies and we really like to to torture our friends High uh cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why why they call well me the horror version. That's the that's the only reason we call call them that I have not no I mean other reasons that all you know, I know know whatever whatever every week we take him I mean through the Encyclopedia of horror the the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun I mean mean of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what what you know I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop drop on you know Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean mean podcast. Let me explain. First of first of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you you creation tools uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your phone like or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so so it can be heard uh on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from from your podcast with uh no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast in one place download like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot f m-- to get started you know today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm I'm your host in a lie, and I'm I mean a full-time reseller on on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD duccio ELD ELD I mean uch. Oh and oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as as El dijo okay Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this this like week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting fitting race you know coming up. So angry so angry is after you you losing to this. It'll be we have so week one week of classes still still and then spring break is the week after I mean that. So March, however, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just well finished. Well, I finished finished all of my exams I have before spring break so um next week. I just have have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband so exam for a a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're I mean really home home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice you know know because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I I will well say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like like okay it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you you you know know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I okay okay feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we before we get started today. I just I just wanted to talk talk to you guys quickly I mean about Spotify on Spotify. You can you can can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast well and one place that's that's for free. You don't you don't even need a premium account and that is uh uh great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit like these these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss uh an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on on Instagram I mean and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever and whenever I mean you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The The apps I mean downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you you haven't done so already so download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on on Spotify or browse podcasts in okay the you are Library tab. Also, make make sure to follow us on like there. So you never miss an episode of of optimal living advice. That being said, I mean let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice you know to to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey uh uh Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so so so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to to since um last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear hear the tax I mean that can't read that this is we're talking to these people people. We're not I um don't think they want to read some of the stuff stuff that we say. Oh, uh oh, uh we did go to Peace Tree Tree. Yeah, we yeah, we did go to piece. That like was pretty cool. We We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It you know was was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk um now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good good trouble after well show and guys. We are we are at the season finale of the the such a good like season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you um since season one. I'm so happy happy to continue this journey with you guys uh. I could I could not do do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to um the fart fart of my love. I have I have Miss Janice. I am and okay okay she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching okay okay the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't isn't good uh trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip gossip Miss Lauren I mean Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel you you know like you want to share? I know I know Brandon and I toss different ideas ideas around for months so before we found out the anchor is the the easiest way to make a podcast you know and I'll tell you why first of of all, it's free. You can record I mean edit and distribute your podcast all from from your phone or or from your computer like. It will do all of the the work for you put it out on Spotify apple so and all of the big big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's you you know everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's here's so what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app app well or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot dot. F m-- um go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone everyone. Welcome to welcome to the uh inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237 like like. So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie Carrie the um original old school one from 1976. So I'm so I'm particularly excited about about this one. It you it you know was one of my mother's favorite favorite. So I think it was one okay of the first ones she saw saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this uh movie when I I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and okay violence violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling like yourself that that so before we get into it. Let's chat let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as you you know I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go go uh beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions questions of our so time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today today. I'm uh going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my my husband's grandmother. And it uh means we get to spend the day with family people people. We've not seen for I mean a long time. We get we get to share share stories about this woman that was in like our life and so important to to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge so that story and memory are are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know well we're going to have a a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and you know sharing sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of of you know humans and human nature. And so today I want you to to kind of join me not just like with the people that have passed away in your your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode mini-episode from gone. That's you know exclusive to Spotify. It's on it's on Apollo 11s missing missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode I mean that explores what happened to the tapes that that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan uh television telecast during the first moon landing landing to hear more mini episodes like this I mean follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered um around a television set and turned turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter I mean Cronkite presented some of of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back welcome back to BFF which stands stands for not not uh best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what what I'm Molly I mean. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode episode 5 were just talking I mean about how we can believe it would Made Made it to episode 5 but um I was telling a lie feels like like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't well it feel like it's been been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as I mean much time time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy that's crazy every other other week or you know every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do why do I like this? What do I do? We doing we we doing this you are you like really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt okay already. Wait. What is it? He's He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's so spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke you know on my jumper already already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have you know the same scanning scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I you know just just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like like okay this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show so start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush a little like circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day day we talk about a so heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her you know name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was was born to a poor family in England a um long time ago. Sarah was different from from other kids because she was born um with no arms or legs, but but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just uh a kid Sarah taught taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the um other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or I I mean try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of of that going on in I mean the world today. As a matter of fact, the the inspiration behind this podcast is well to speak to and in Fire regular folks through through personal stories that being real uh being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak weak. Actually, it's quite the so opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed revealed through our ability to like continue to grow through our struggle and we want want this podcast to okay serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't can't see the way so out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights you you know reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on on demand. So okay so okay a big warm welcome to my guests on the show show tonight and a Colgan and so loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and and of course, we've got like a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna gonna get into it just straight uh away no first. Of all just tell us us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself so to listeners at home. I know you you very well, but obviously people at home like though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second year so from Hill bead bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's I that's that's I mean perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, said, uh I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff puff stuff podcast so back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing doing we're doing this okay really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA PA. They want to give uh away their products to a handful of our our listeners. And see what you like don't like um questions things like that. Basically, you're you're just going to get like a couple weeks like supply of some CBD products products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going you know to do some some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff I I mean and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page page and you know just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe Maybe you've maybe you've tried uh CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe maybe try to different companies products well. You want to see how this Compares maybe maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe there's I mean something specific that you're hoping hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want we want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek Derek well. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is is dull soap uh is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program program. We support well people's right to drink and have fun. We We believe in a Live and Let Live approach like to sobriety. This This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life like. We want want we want to encourage healing and transformation. This show this show is for anyone that that okay is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon Cannon. I um am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let okay me explain it's free. There is there is creation tool that that allows you to record I mean and edit your podcast right from your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your okay podcast for you. So it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many like more you can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything well you you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I you know know remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I I was fooling so around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that that body and had you know face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the the series so and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost we almost there there today. I wanted so to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories memories and all that shit, uh but most importantly. I want I want to talk talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk well about it. I thought I I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing costco nothing special but why I mean mean not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that okay school school that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was so so a school. Unfortunately got unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment well to to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz um um and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a I I mean less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that that. We've uh learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at at the table okay. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby so Shelby nangi nangi here and I wanted like to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening listening every I mean week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing changing my so diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry Perry the Platypus I mean just wish that you never seen. What is that is is on Disney Channel you know and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a so spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but but I'll be well hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I I can make it anywhere I mean get a love me everywhere. I used to to cop it on them everyone. Welcome like back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty like cool stuff today. I'm I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped well. Yeah, I would almost consider consider this like kind of the one of the the first um like not real real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and and um other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So okay okay so okay I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all all about the difference between okay a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick quick into what do okay we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between between gold and idea like, you uh know, Tyler what are you talking about? So So I'll so I'll break it down real quick and you know basically what me me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what like we came up with with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the the anchor okay app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to to make you know a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We We use anchor for you know many reasons. The first reason is is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have uh to pay a single dime dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's also, there's creation tools that allow you um to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or even um your your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry well well about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You uh uh can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So So go so go um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot. F m-- to get started. That's a that's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to to read so and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you you on your spiritual and healing okay journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine well a doula a Reiki practitioner and a a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to well use my knowledge. To channel information information and messages for you to grow on all um levels. Hi and welcome to this this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation um together which will ground you down down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a a heart like to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's It's okay. It's the first well shot. I say we roll with it and we we just keep going. You're right, you're right, except it's okay live to neck. Yeah, that's that's yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck live well well to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be like a train train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go well with the flow flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man uh. I'm just just I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train train. Hitting so our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow Grow up uh. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick quick. That is starting. I ruined okay the entire. I did I did not not we can go again once I got my like stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? so All hosted by its its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back like. Welcome back welcome back back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick I mean off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of um a a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make uh a a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how well we do a a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a uh Monday edition of the the shotgun start. It is it is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the same well team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end end okay of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we like like want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win win against last okay year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss discuss this and more on I mean the blue bag is Welcome to the the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris uh. How are how are are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you uh uh apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked liked. I you know actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So So this so this is uh the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr Starr co-ack well. Well, yeah well, yeah at a very special guest or a a Perry. Thanks is he? All right well. So how you find in six from the the moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah so. It's been pretty pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and I mean bad moments, moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything okay you've enjoyed enjoyed the most? I guess I guess one thing that I've you know kind of of okay felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who who like I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you you know you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just Just want just want I mean to give a shout out to this amazing amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not computer I mean savvy OR tech savvy but very easy easy to use, you know, what links up uh to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know know when the biggest thing I love about uh it is the fact that it's free free. So download so download the free anchor app and go well to Anchor dot dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake so so and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I well well am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time well. Welcome Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural like like experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share share well a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire sapphire at well gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what what you hear and uh would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections selections. We're going uh with day one. The Tuesday first race of the the day of the meeting is a I mean supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange well 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise noise and then we've got my pick a last well 25 to 1 Nick ends ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to um be riding riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a you you know stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got got probably the best form okay of all the horses in the race. She skin skin very impressive as two wins. And like and like again asking for loans and being being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two you know wins over over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a well heart he is is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum well bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts podcasts um. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about about the Desi uh strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a a five-set thriller, but you know new poll has ended up getting the W girls girls going to be talking okay about who we think is gonna win the D3 D3 Championship. There's four teams that so we think that could win it. So stay tuned tuned to find out who would um might be and then we're going to to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're you know both really excited about the season coming coming up and we just wanted to talk okay about that a little bit. Bit, so I I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's well get into it Saint Rose had had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College okay and new new polls on Saturday. And then and then Sunday, they played Stevens and st well well. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning morning and night uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one side and brush you know the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines it's heroines heroines week and every I mean day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from from history. Today. We're talking about so wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green green belt movement one Garden was born in a okay country in Africa called Kenya when one one Gary is a girl Kenya was full you know of strong Lush trees and the beauty beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that you know would change. Switch or switch switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going to to um be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus coronavirus and well to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about about this this like illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to to try to well just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now now in the media like. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response response already like last week I mean in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back back to um another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch like like of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got got all sorts I mean of stuff here spam calls from different parts parts of the country. If you know what I'm um picking up, we're discussing this because one of our our good friends in our multimedia um class as we get a couple of snake calls, calls, and we've been reacting to them I mean. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about about spam calls obviously is just messing with the I mean caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one so of of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew crew so with us today. We got we got a great show. Look at at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff um to preview. But first we're going going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and you know it's not in in our normal spot. We had we had to kind of do it on okay the the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, so so this is even Sports podcast. We're on we're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now now. We're okay at track me where the track office not really supposed to be be got some uh audience over here. Yeah, first yeah, first we're podcast was an audience audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and and uh a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so so okay it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that that room was through I mean the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in in one room, which was probably uh a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students students not our number one I mean problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody anybody could win and there were Current objects you know of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm I'm not too sure what is safe for the okay radio. So I'm going to to kind of curve that but also objects to practice so safe sex like our ad reads reads. So nobody so nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth so State. There's There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on well these these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting you know down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going I I mean back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch punch and you know charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant contestant Desiree, Washington for more I mean shocking sports events from history tune in right here here every day to our March well Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your your podcasts. In a Las uh Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Mike Tyson pummeled the bag you know his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are uh talking about the the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter like extremity extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and and where well to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question question I have for so you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out out of out of quarter extremity the uh book definition of it at the the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably I mean day one is an an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach like it that way but but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first so thing you teaching teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right well. So throwing throwing so throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to to my podcast today um in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by by Ruskin Bond. He's an I mean Indian writer with British descent and he has has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards okay and Padma Shri. I found the story story in an old book of mine and okay there is something about the way he he write his story. These the way he brings characters to you know life life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna I I mean sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need need I mean to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till till so now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you know know you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it it is you have I mean got this so 2% back yourself and know that today today is your day. This is your you know everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm I'm here on volley and I'll be back well with you tomorrow with another episode of of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You I mean got this everyday positivity positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, well please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much for joining um today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode episode and that you choose well to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week week. So hopefully so hopefully I'll be able to well get through this introduction without losing losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't so wait to publish. The The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest like of a podcast podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long while so now. I'd I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a I mean year year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember um listening thinking thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I like was just bewildered bewildered by his achievements. He is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm I'm Greg. And today we have so got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Joe Andrews Sensei of Street I mean Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here here. Finally where finally where we mentioned uh. It would it would name dropped in from from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we I mean have and and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I so haven't said anything anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm trying to pretend um I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble trouble getting this podcast episode set okay up because my microphone I feel like it's only really really good for one um person and that I feel like our audio is always always a little off and you so guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to to troubleshoot it we're probably going to uh have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome welcome to yeah, we said it um with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your your first time tuning in. This is well a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your your life advice questions that you emailed to me and well Miss thing at gmail.com. And And I and I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's so so not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go go well back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the the freezing okay garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really really small. I'm uh nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean I mean mean is that because it's so cold or is that just because your balls are are small because that's because it's cool uh. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back back. My ball is small. It's like 90 uh degrees. I like that hat dude dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your your children and uh your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to to create peace and okay authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm I'm a social media marketer writer and I mean Mom to three boys ages 5 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English you know Professor turned turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we well inhale inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for so so you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a a high five well and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's Today's guest is like Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team team of I mean talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all all over the world starting at um Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in in Boston and anomaly in New York uh and then joining Conde Nast. I hear hear I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado so and an all-around good good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout okay version final here here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they uh became interested interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into I I mean the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Michael Jordan and okay I was really young. I was I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is this is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God God. You're not a horse um girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? that I'm gonna go I mean finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to to another episode of officially um unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name my name is is Nat and my name is Bianca and like this week. We are talking about the laws laws of attraction. Are they hot or um are you just desperate? How was your day? day My day was very boring. How was yours? so I so I was also also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was I mean mean summoned to jury duty today. Not sure not sure how much I can can talk about but so I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I so I want to talk a little bit about about Snapchat texting and I mean FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on on our phones. I do a lot uh of live videos, of course for for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you uh listen to them some of of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and I mean then move on or whatever whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about I mean first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so so I feel like if you're over the age like of 25 and that and and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real like. It's pushing it. I'm I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we we okay try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try try to make I mean life a better place for you over to live in and and stuff like sets and shit you know from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on on uh YouTube. We are we are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money money live. I'm Dave I'm Dave Hanson so joined with Chris at Jordan is going to to be joining us soon and look who just I mean popped on. Hey, it's hey, it's okay okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad um you could join us. We're all all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't I mean do a live broadcast broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's uh a a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users users well of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Robin Hood markets you know Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that that is kind of changed um the rules offering free training quickly being copied by by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's okay Sunday Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you so know, know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am you you know. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one one uh out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said said music starting okay off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because our our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There you know is no more fried a podcast podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in uh Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you uh into your weekend. We're going going to start going to start your week off right? I mean Hopefully, this is is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If uh you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article article on his well medium page and it's another great one about around the the concept of Bitcoin as I mean a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into into the read well and then we'll talk a little bit about it it afterward. Bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving I mean and thriving Between Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where but where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're so here here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the like like demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the the one well with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and and so the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was was uh the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo demo and so you know you play that demo. That was your first experience experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose okay to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose chose to be a well Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have have a horse and I went and well I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC I I mean bang today. I'm sharing I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point point cut uh the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing citing a you know material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman chairman Powell basically okay indicated that the virus and the measures that are being being taken to contain. It will it will so surely way on economic activity both both in the US and abroad for some time like. This came earlier than scheduled scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we what we said um about the FED FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by well market. The question question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you if you well well reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more so than than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly uh sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm 16 well today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for for in the do um I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Thou Art my I mean Lord. I have no good be on thee thee as for the saints that are okay in the earth. They are are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight you know their sorrows shall shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings uh of blood blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The okay Lord is the the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat like like the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly goodly Heritage. I like Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins my reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup winner. Saskia you know Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first first spring UCLA match. I'm um not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk talk about but it's okay you know. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very very special guest today. We've got I mean the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden um. What is what is up up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy okay to be be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you you know know can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all so so the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's What's your so theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition condition where a I mean person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually usually comes from a traumatic event or well series of traumatic events or persistent failure failure to succeed. It's one of the like biggest underlying causes of depression. And there there and there was a study they did with two mice um. They had one mouse mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic well shock, but no no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave so the shock shock to it. There was there was a lever that it could hit where where it could get um out of the cage. The interesting the interesting thing about about that is after repeatedly doing this so test. They took they took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give give a quick so shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned tuned in and listening to I mean my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What What made what made me want to start a okay podcast you ask? Well Well when well when I was trying to get this one off the ground so. He He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how like like how like do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like like All the so apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make make money from my podcast? uh Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, uh man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting hosting and distributing your podcast and um you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's It's all free. It's 100% it's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor so so it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use use it's well free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you you to edit your podcast okay from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your your podcast to Spotify apple and okay many more without having to do anything which is is great and you can make money from um the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is is also great man. You gotta grind you like got to get to where you're you're going. So it's so it's everything you need to do all one like place place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored anchored on I mean FM online to get Started let's get in the madness madness. Yo, yo yo, this is um I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's YG's podcast Your Grace uh showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing doing what you're doing man. Great show great show so great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea how uh we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor anchor dot f m-- so recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many different platforms. There's creation well tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right right from your phone or okay a computer check out anchor dot f m or or Download the free anchor app um to get started. This segment this segment is brought brought to you by jig Master jigs when in so doubt get the jig out use use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your you know jig order. Welcome to the paddle paddle and fin podcast Network. This is this is the final cash like segment with your host host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in and in this episode. I'm going going to be talking like about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this this juicy uh stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant radiant energy levels I mean juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in in your life. Welcome so welcome so to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into into sexual Mastery and how to use you know Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life life. So there's a bit of a myth in um our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's well that's well that's the greatest sexual experience man man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves um him limp unmotivated and tired tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of okay the man who finishes having sex sex this partner he ejaculates and then he uh rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't he can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is I mean mean all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone someone who well inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is is that by well listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning morning with intention it you know all begins with you. With me in the studio today and and by Studio, of course, so I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel feel like Breezy. I always uh say your name like your Oprah or share share or Beyonce and I say well it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's that's fair to like how many people really know like Madonna's last name? Huh? No No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know like that because it's like mine. Go Go with go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is is Sean uh Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being being I mean sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's it's weird being sick so and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm I'm headed the right way you know. I'm headed I'm headed the right direction. I I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm well I'm well glad you're on. On the the on the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend you know know or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at but at at least you know, you like stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over over there, which I know they so appreciate so for this episode or actually before before I get started with the episode make well sure you're following us on our Instagram at at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing like a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, trivia, some of you are doing very well very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this this okay stuff? You haven't you haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man man. What is what is it all so about Oh Sees easiest way to make make a podcast really so well, first of so all, it's completely free. You don't go go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are um we just dumping the audio on the the Internet or is there a ways to do well things with it then? Oh, no no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit uh your podcast right right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome so. Yes. Now Now is it? It just it just on anchor or does it go well anywhere else else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will well distribute it it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch okay okay more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome Awesome so. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you can make money I mean starting with your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. You can make money right well away. You can start making money man. That That is awesome. So what so what you're saying is uh it's everything you need to to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let me let me so explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow allow you to record and you know edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast okay for you. So it can be heard on on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay more you can make money from your podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like it's like everything you need to make a podcast podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage like a scary proposition last year three of my friends friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage well in the first experience. The two the two two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the so girl told him that she loves loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding I mean date approached the the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience um the two parties parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was was um still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and and asked he filed uh for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to um um each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to to you know determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is is such so an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control control their I mean Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in in control of uh what they would like and as a man this is is important to your success. This well is ridiculously important to your happiness. And And not and not only that if you want to become like a man of of value so that way other men or other people in general you know can lean lean on you. You're going you're going to have to learn this. So here's so here's here's the well deal. If you if you don't have a very high attention span, if if you're a person who well cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, minutes, you're not going to uh do very well. Okay, because this video might take take me a little bit to explain so like grab a pen grab a a paper. If you if you can't take five to ten minutes to I mean mean learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring so so this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural alpha cultural and and Daniel fintan in uh the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm I'm good feels a bit um lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah sad times it does um. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you you could say all due um respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first first you know quite a spill um krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we we are we Rob has an awesome guest but so we had our first we we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic okay on the podcast last last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys well want want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So So myself well and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so so we got our okay first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? ready All right, so so it's nine so to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were there were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will will tell you okay there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row row who will probably I mean die of old age before actually seeing an an execution on March second 1984 um a man was convicted for a double murder murder in Tennessee from the moment. He well was arrested this man wanted the death penalty penalty. He did not not want to grow like old in prison and 34 years later later. He got his wish so if you like I mean your coffee hot, but but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with I mean a morning cup cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent um most of of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here here well at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do do I mean something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random random teachers okay if they want to answer a question that my students have have written. I'm going I mean to pull a question out of the grab bag bag. It's going it's going to IAM impromptu, they're uh going to answer it and we're going going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in I mean the meantime, I want to to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest um and I cannot wait wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils so. This This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you well is unbelievable unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make you know know sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of wisdom from you know the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy you know at the City College of New York, York, and I will guide you through this reading In I mean season 4 episode 461 461 would reflect on C. So the film was 342 the like mere fact that people endure endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo you know it for the sake sake of their country then when they suffer it for some you know lesser cause cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let uh me explain it's free. There's a there's a creation tools that allow you to to record and edit like your podcast right from your phone or computer computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So so so so it can be heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean money from your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts podcasts uh in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM FM I mean to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the the Earth with well brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, Okay, maybe it um was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled filled with the tangible okay manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we I mean think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their their classrooms visit I mean teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of of Friday funny is you know is not for little ears if you've got kids with with you save this listening goodness well for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who I mean inspires kids to love learning learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on I mean Instagram at Mister D D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's um with mr. D D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with so this V. Hey, Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the so so jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, man, uh what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, know, like are we in the ether as a they were up there on the um um cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's yeah, yeah, it's very so nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We We uh need to actually move on and get better. And how and how do do we do that? We uh do that by finding the meaning of what happened happened. I really believe that you know you can only win or learn in life. And And if you're in pain, well then that means you can learn something from the the pain. Welcome to smog top uh small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in plain okay sight. This is this is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's It's the infamous okay Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more more urban you know legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find find new Spotify only so episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy enjoy this episode. Due to I mean the graphic nature of this urban legend legend listener discretion is advised. This episode well includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children uh under 13. You don't believe believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy okay little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And And this like is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half half in the markets I mean. We reached we reached out last week with three podcasts podcasts covering domestic International equities as you know well as fixed income, but given how how things ended the week. I thought well it would be beneficial to get our chief investment investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in well. To discuss what he saw over the last last week and a half thoughts on uh the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed headed and what we're looking to do in so this type of volatile environment. Hope you you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film I mean the last seven seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going going to be uh about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and and fucking dot moments you know account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit bit. Sorry. It will it will not sure about I mean blur if he sounds sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm I mean mean pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It so so was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I okay like to to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do uh that that. I could I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to to um I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down the top you know 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back back to 1995 when well players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to to pay off gambling debts so a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more more shocking sports events from okay history tune in right here every day to our March Madness Madness special. Listen free on um Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 1995 as the final buzzer you know sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats well 81 264. None None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host okay okay. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm I'm you I'm you know also the founder of the online group therapy platform platform model that care. I well love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us you know each week as we we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques I mean for effectively effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective you you know therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as as uh they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still still uh live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength strength base and seeks well to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them them generalize those skills towards um areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on on this Earth um for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, here, you know um where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte Bonaparte did you know not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm I'm not even talking so to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that that resolution thing from a uh wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you you can out cause I mean for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a a person in it. Mmm. So you know why do you not believe in that that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the the app so that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I I first got uh started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's It's an app you download okay on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation creation tool that allows you to like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer. Anchor will well distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can can be heard you know on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally literally got distribute okay it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading uploading my first well episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no no minimum listenership and okay it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine wine place. If you guys want like to get started making a podcast or have have an amazing idea download the free anchor like app or go to Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am I am so well excited excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I I um was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder uh uh song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all and and all like it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for for me so of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I I mean, I mean, okay first of all when you come up with a a song lyric like that, you've like got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life life love is in need of Love Today and well He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song song and I love sitting and listening to it the well message on it it. Is that is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need need to you know give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's It's that cycle and like I wanted to get you to consider that you can can apply this to lots of you know things in your life and fundamentally you are are in need of you today. So put so put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is this is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost Outpost so the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually actually so making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing mind-blowing event like because we don't teach this in school to people but this is is really one I mean of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would would be better okay off if they made a book at least once in their life, life, right Holly okay. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely absolutely keep making those like books. We need more books in the world. All our books books are disappearing and you know it's all going digital and we just don't have much much of a record anymore with uh everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let you know me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, podcast, but not um sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up up with. There's like no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it it okay works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no no money out you know of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to to want well to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record record and edit your you know podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE GE will distribute your podcast for so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts and many more and well you can make money from your podcast with no no minimum listenership. I have not found that uh any other podcast Creator and it's really really everything you need to make a podcast in one I mean place download the free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked we we talked so to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they they were um young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal journal body okay. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome welcome to the okay show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm I'm interesting like Seriously start so with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting exciting than I am in real life okay. Well, I'm well, I'm super excited but but you're not talked about yet because it was super important uh to me as well well introduce this person. So yes, so yes, I'm going to talk about you know Jeff Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so I'm so excited about about talking uh to you about money. But not but not just money wealth wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love so love so Theology and health because I believe believe that wealth is not just about how much uh money you have in your your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal you know life your professional professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I uh get get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So So like this is our time for us to be together and for me to to answer like your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed committed relationship I mean for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually actually more vocal about it than like I am but it's a little frustrating when when I see others getting married and starting I mean their families. I promise promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor well well five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff I I mean Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest invest in sports like car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the the hobby we all love. Hello I hello I mean boards guard investors and welcome to another another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have okay some cards to tell you you about today? The sports card Market is on fire you know and there are some some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait I mean to tell tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back to the OC lines Blog Blog podcast. My name my name I mean is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel Daniel and Chase. And today. We have we have a uh wonderful guest on the the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of so course all things things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have um Adam. How you doing today? today Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today like rough game yesterday. I I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw well a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began like like my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do like it in general when I was trying to browse. It was was so complicated so much um so that until I found what anchor dot f m m is all about, you okay know, it's so seamless so friendly for a a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days I mean ago and you must try this this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, uh why don't you try it, it, you know as for me I can always um say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get get a so release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills okay. I I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being you know a a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole okay okay time. Like when like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when when I'm doing the well laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to to the music as I mean many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking thinking about the lesson was broken all uh the work out. It's just filled music music and what happens Instruments will pop up or so lyrics or stand out all these these musical landmarks will come up and you don't so know what that's going to be or or when it will be but it just I mean happens after you listen to it it for a while and then when you actually then I mean go right let's let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come um together together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your your like son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related related to pasture-based so regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment environment our you know bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And And for this first episode of Grey's in I mean hell. I thought we should start start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s you know how the the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both so farmers farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe so Maxwell Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a well farmer farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House you you know of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a little like bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my my podcasts. I so absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these are these these really awesome creation tools that allow you like to record and edit your your podcast right from your phone or your computer and okay anchor distribute your podcast podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean and many many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't don't you don't um need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that that you like need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it it really okay useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor anchor app like or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you you it's um just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and and jump into creating like your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll I I mean be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good Good you know morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for for the next I mean few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration I mean some education without any type of of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that you know will help you you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if you'd like uh to to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan okay okay then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that that. But okay remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let I let I mean me explain it's free. There's a there's a creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you like like. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you you know make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you need to make like podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or good Echo the FM okay to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is Is wealth talk. I'm so like excited about talking to you about money, but not not just money wealth means wisdom okay expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe believe that wealth is not okay just about how much money you have in your bank bank account. It's about establishing Harmony you know in your personal life your professional life spiritually spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is Kiran like Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about about something you know that is kind of alien to me. I am I am not not very I'm very informed uh on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Okay, Karen tell me um something. Have you have you watched Pokmon? Yes here here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, I mean and it was a culture culture. Where back where? I when I when well we grew up so we should should just hang around and you know oracle you know 3 2 1 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a um throwback and and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when you you know they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows shows Pokemon so Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that that I think about it. Beyblade was beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories from uh modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the I'm the youth youth minister at st like. Francis of francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my my name is Ana um Fuentes. I'm the I'm the youth Minister as the the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy you know lead. Happy Lance. I'll be be home late you guys we have a super special episode so for you today today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week okay. Yeah Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure well well. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten Lenten okay edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't so so have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're We're uh going to do some things that are a little different from what we we usually okay do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit bit Don't Know well remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal Universal spiritual principles and uh ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke um. We are we are committed to simplifying the the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand okay scientific research. So you can walk walk away with practical tools to create uh radical transformations in your life. Let's Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also uh having a new guest here. Yeah, Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder um who is a life life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also well happens to be my my girlfriend. So it's so it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah you know know. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do Do you do you okay want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well well so is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're we're live you know. How's everybody how's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop so doing bad shit. It's incredible and and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, hey, guys, like how are are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what like would you have have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because like I'm still still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've okay Invest lean on my feet feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's I mean working. So So that's so that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God God having okay a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians you you know for estheticians. And those and those who seek to learn about their own skin skin from a professionals well perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists therapists sharing in our career uh Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment so room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess I mean and I am here with Lauren today today. So we have gathered a you know few questions. We would we would love to answer answer for you guys so we can ensure I mean we're answering the the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table table Chronicles. So well today we are going to be having a very special guest guest on which is Mama I mean Wendy's granddaughter. I like I like to to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will I mean be on on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this on this I mean mean article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's America's kids you know belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I've heard I mean, I'm very very thankful I have I mean for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36 36. Yes. What makes you okay podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no no judgment the song and the okay video as well as the falling music video video which came out today as we're uh recording this so as usual, usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about well nylon Harry because because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live live in okay a music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in in which I interview musicians um that I think are doing really cool things right right now and ask them questions about um all the really cool things. They're doing with with a slight. Equal angle. So we're so we're uh talking about the lived experiences experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen like to the music music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society uh. I am am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to well call one one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese made with only the I mean freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect perfect for spreading on your morning well Bagel. Now where now where you get that big big ol should be the only subject for debate so the cream cheese itself. That's easy easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since well 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome welcome to the hottest take my name is well Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger okay has the floor. Best day day best day for Holiday to be during the week is um Thursday. Mmm Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having um a random holiday in the the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The like government has thrusted all of our our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess I mean mean what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you have you ever ever thought well about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool cool app called uh anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally totally free. There's a creation tool okay that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast right from your phone or your you know computer. Anchor will anchor will also distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So so make sure you you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in like hat. Get Get ready, get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely lovely teeth bringing I mean you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom instagramcom. / lovely uh. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus okay series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by by at uh BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with with the green uh and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This This was a rumor that was so circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed confirmed now looks like that's um exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to to wonder whether we'll be okay seeing a kid Loki as well as both a a child and Lady versions of loci or so straight out of the comics. In fact, fact, he's changed his form quite a few you know times after being brought back to to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at so least two versions so so will be fun to see what else we might see okay in the upcoming Loki Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know uh what you'd like to to see in the comments and be sure to hit that you know like button button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over over like to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn popcorn talk I mean and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show I mean start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little little circles with your well brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where where every day we talk about um heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the the story of the warrior so Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the the royal family that ruled over the um Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had I mean many riches but there there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going I I mean on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph Ralph. It's up okay. Its Eli its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is is the first episode. We're trying we're trying to you know get it started started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and uh decided that fuck fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are like. So yeah, yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we um um figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our our thoughts like and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all all the you know Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous famous. Right? Well, I'm okay pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March on March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim victim discovered in um a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders murders. It's like a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're you're about to so hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history history. Check well out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes episodes every day follow I mean today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you you listen to podcasts. Today like is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a you know junior college student in Santa Rosa. California California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby baby you know after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going going to be like a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're we're gonna Get one like back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way way and we have so no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he he is busy and then we uh came back to UNI and we just couldn't be be arsed know. I'm gonna um be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we we weren't in the mood but uh we felt a void missing that like, so now now we're back thing is though a like lot of people have been saying to us like like when you gonna do another like one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a like like what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is is what you know we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock jock lighter is in I mean danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? on uh I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 90 okay so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new new season. Yes. Yes and uh episode like 58 have already bonded with these people people. Let me just tell you okay really Sonu. I know and I know there's some some I love okay so off the okay top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but but before we get to I mean the news news, I got some things on the the top. I want to talk well about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast um a a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to to live um with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through through 18. So you know we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting wasting away. Our inner self okay is being renewed day by day for this this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an um eternal weight of Glory beyond all all comparison as we look not to the things so that are seeing but but to the things that are unseen for the things that are I mean seen seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if you you you know haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first first off so. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, in fact, it can can make you money. There's um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast right from your um phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch switch craft have been completely I mean made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for for you. So it well can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere anywhere else where you would download I mean a podcast. This one's huge. You don't don't you don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make uh money from your podcast anger anger will sell the ads for you you record um the ones that you want and and they go on your podcast. It's everything it's everything that you um need to to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted uh to start start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you um do download the the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to uh get started started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor well anchor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All like like right, this is free. Okay, first okay, first and foremost, not only that but but their creation tools so that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your phone and computer. Anchor well will also distribute your podcast for you so I can can be heard on Spotify I mean Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm I'm an I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and you know we're extremely happy happy to be partnered with them and using them to help uh make our podcast and you know, know, it's also an easy way for you to well make money from the podcast podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you well need to make a a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in well doing something like this, this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go you know to Anchor dot f f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy Galaxy you know. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what what well up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys jerseys guys I mean. I like them. Anyway, when we show second game of of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on well top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first first episode well of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two two or I mean three months. He has smelt a long story short may not going going to be in okay touch for a while and I made not for sample cups cups of coffee so on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we we were I mean having may help a few older. So this is all very much part part in so those thoughts into action. And if and if we can help at least least one other person as I mean a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then then we think this is a um very valuable form to do. So, so first of of all, we're just going to I mean basically introduce ourselves so you can get to to know us that more about who so you actually listened to and then down down the line move very much want to delve um into some of those deeper questions questions that may help others. So just by where like personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of of a I mean wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor tutor. We uh find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call call them you know modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high high quality water and like join us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories stories are shared mostly by Casey and well some of her amazing Community, Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're now, you're a part of okay our family family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, okay okay now, okay you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our our family now, I mean right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted wanted to say thank you you know for sharing your podcast. Thank you thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show um um notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer um um to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better well well than to know an answer that you like. So beat the like drum of of it just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts uh uh. Do you ever hear me every time? Now that's now that's funny you got in in it that far. My I mean question was sometimes I call out your names names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen I mean to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free free without a I mean premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can okay follow your favorite podcast. So you never never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so to listen to offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with so your friends friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be uh sure to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse um um podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you okay okay never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health Health okay daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome Welcome back I mean to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, yes, and yes, I um have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking talking to my coach because I well had been feeling really stuck in some feelings feelings about parenting and how hard it can you know be sometimes and I realized realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern um of just beating myself myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, away, which I know better okay than to do do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and it's like one of of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very profound well and the the shift that it has created since then has been so I mean powerful that he just knew knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm well well Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming brainstorming so title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit so so sit back relax and well enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah Yeah. We hope that uh you have some kind of beverage with you. You You can sip along with yes I mean up along with us with we got the the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're I mean rocking as the beverage of the the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually so watch a Lego Masters on this this night, but mmm that's some corals with okay Langley Master Lego Masters. So background so so background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the you know Super Bowl. It was was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard like of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies Technologies. It's built to help you um outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out out on the road. They're smart and so then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is Monday, March 2nd okay 2020 on this this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding you know his his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered remembered so as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest oldest Merchant um banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have have well to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley dr. Bradley Bradley is here to help on Bradley's you know micro Board review in microbiology professor professor at a Medical University covers one to two so board relevant microorganisms each each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important you know facts for for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for like the the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you um um need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm so so your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I I hope okay women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood blood in this okay episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health health food money sex um business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to to go through our heads well. You will walk away from each episode with you you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other well the filter about love talking about about all the shit that people are thinking cook too I mean afraid to say so so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my okay apartment in Manhattan. I'm I'm still in New York. I'm just I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically uh what what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and and um whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then then they the okay cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah you know. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend weekend and she I mean just like got right and did not try to get to to know me at all was so like, what would you say is your main main issue? And I was like, let's fix okay this in one hour. I do the the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do um this. Okay, there is I'm watching watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business and uh I was like, like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need to so be be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And like I was like, like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like um I am am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and you know learn learn about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We uh will will reflect more deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience um um a life full of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually you know know want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in so so podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put put hashtag like garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can can see your well feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on on Twitter on how you know you like listening to the Vlog and if you're you're not watching the Vlog, uh it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience okay everybody really excited about this interview so far far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put okay in your phone numbers. We're going we're going going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put okay in your phone number and your your question and then teams going to pick which ones but well I have the super super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm I mean right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these these episodes right? like I think so. I don't want to just let it sit sit here if I'm not uh using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you you today is because okay it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me me. This is warm when outside so was still wearing a light down coat. Had all had had all my stuff with me so as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying carrying stuff. Just taking just taking out the trash. Too warm you know All right. Someone's actually actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got almost got killed by someone someone like before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too too hot like. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm if I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of of money comes well into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard standard than I um feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if if it's like let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand thousand dollars a like month or 500 like in my mind unless we have have a month where I'm I mean like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't I don't know I mean why I don't know how how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why okay why why okay because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our our so means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz Liz love you know and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the the owner of a I mean million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem Clem and this like is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how how it goes. It's so been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going going to do it okay for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary Gary if you want to like say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro intro music. Hey, well yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you you know, just kind of okay figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going going to be a long and eventful so eventful time. Yeah, trying yeah, trying to figure figure it out. It's kind of kind of okay nervous. But you know, we'll we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand I mean Junction home base for the the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would you know know always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you you saw this well all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh sigh of um relief. What's up what's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet harjeet you having um a good day. I am I'm having a great day today today - do so tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work work done one you know for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and and now we're filming the podcast okay. I woke up late. I like what am I I 9:30? Hmm, 10 hmm, 10 10 ish and then I mean 30 10 and then then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power well through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined joined today by uh with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - - I mean oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right okay okay now? I just I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any any background well noises munching on some food. So I so I had to to clear my throat kind of getting like over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So So I was thinking today's topic I mean for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how how in you know the world, you know how to make a podcast and I I crack up because well I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called called anchor which I highly um recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It It gives you step-by-step directions on how so to create your very own podcast. The audio is is exceptional. There are free editing's uh tools and the best part is that they distribute distribute the out your podcast for you and uh So if you're interested in making a podcast podcast just download the free anchor app so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to get started that anchor you know ANC hor dot f m-- and you you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome okay welcome okay to another episode episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank well you you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of of a okay name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my my last name kind of you know lame. But but then I was told told that people may think that breakfast at uh Perkins. Could have some potential copyright copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so you know I might do breakfast with with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's okay everyone doing? I figured I I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind so of supplement my my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it like be Snapchat Facebook Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate you know know Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me let me me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between between yardstick coffee um and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily daily drink magazine. We uh we uh tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home home of our company, but also is okay also a co-working space where where people can come and even record here. We have we have like a number number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying so the content, content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four you know games or let's let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do please do so like this like like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our okay channel that helps helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on um yardsticks Instagram, please please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to well hear hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If If you know so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business business tools okay that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom. For I mean / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's That's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org forward uh slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I I want to stop uh being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure treasure. So like far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of of uh then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern southwestern coast of okay what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried tried to swim to um shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted um two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to to an uncertain fate you know. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're we're looking for them um. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now now a weekly show in so addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll You'll now get a special mini well episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being being broadcast from you know the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am I am am your host pain Rosales um and thank you for joining me again on an an episode of Inside the Mind the okay show where we interview local musicians and bands bands starting off now growing into um bigger acts in the future today. I am I I am joined by or joy. Joined so with rather a local band called called recoil and would you guys please introduce you know yourselves and say which which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? you know What up? up My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can you know know find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can well dig dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not not that easy. You you know need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your your bed more targeted a uh good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got got so done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and I mean mean man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into into detail well about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you you drinking? I'm uh having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're and we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests guests Jackson I mean Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good good. How are you? uh Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks thanks I thanks I mean for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really really excited. This like this like is the podcast. I originally I originally wanted to do back back in January. So it's really cool like. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of of us to finally be able to well do this and on such a such such a high note. Note. So for so for those well of you listening at home home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both okay be be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why why well don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up up and playing for the um blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I I said it you know back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind kind of started this I mean thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so you you know much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you you I mean taking the time to listen to me. And so I am am grateful and um I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually actually airing a year um to the day after a really bad car accident that left left my car totaled. I well I well was in a hard place of selfishness selfishness and self-reliance, but it really you know took that moment to Humble me and and for me to take a few steps okay back and really realize what are are the gifts that God has given me uh what has God given me to to impact to make an impact and I uh instantly began to write. Okay connectivity connectivity. Okay this okay this passion for politics this desire to like Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't like like heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain it's free well. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast right from okay your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you you. So it okay could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can make money from um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need to make a podcast all so in one place. So download so download download the anchor app. For your phone or go to I mean Anchor FM.com to to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight so we're we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined like like by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before um. I I know I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what you you know this country needs is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm you you know not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not I'm not saying saying we need to go so to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look look at England right now how um much better would our political discourse be if if we would just elect the king okay for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Donald Trump gets to be king well. But we but we have a like a boring-ass technocrat technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister you know is actually making the decision, right? So he's he's have a guy who's a guy or a I mean gal whose job job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set okay off. The first the the first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about um um starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't okay heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me okay explain explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast like right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you you can um be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money from your okay podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a podcast in one place um. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored Anchored ifm to get started uh is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car car buying. Process how to uh get the best deal what scans to watch out for and and much more here's your I mean host and one of the foremost Automotive business business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free like. Those Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast well right from your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you uh can be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money uh from your your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast podcast you know in one place. You start you start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome Welcome to I mean our very first episode of our very first podcast it is is called. Was it you know good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in in Victoria BC our theme well song that you just heard is by a local. Band named named Elvis freshly you you know can check out their new release. Y'all ain't y'all y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere so Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever ever considered starting a you know podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the the place I can't so tell you how easy it was for me to start start my podcast and get uh it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a a couple clicks of the button. I like had my podcast out ready to go on on Spotify Apple podcast and many other uh platforms again. It was it was so easy. I I can do it from my phone from my well computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why Why I want to do I can do it well. It's free it's free free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped they helped me with so so much like. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to to well start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So I I mean download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- fm-- to get started uh again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit um of an introduction introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here well. Thought I'd I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going okay to be be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set so up up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about about seven um years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening listening to everything uh about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I I thought why you know don't I give you my thoughts and try and give give you some tips and so tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're uh uh listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management okay okay follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast this podcast is produced on anchor anchor where you so can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can you you can find well the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major major podcast platforms you know Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this this thing well to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name name is Adam Ludlow CEO well and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness fitness based community in I mean North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning conditioning this podcast is honestly something okay that's been on my mind for a while while and it's time for it to go. So here like we go with episode. I I want to talk a little bit about why we're I mean doing this this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right you know know into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that I mean we've we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is like like to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other uh Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary scary stories so as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to welcome to the fourth episode episode of urban legends like and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my my name is I mean Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this this podcast, you can go you know follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the the next episode comes out, you um know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna gonna lie this took forever to record like I mean I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept I kept losing my.
Well, either well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash flash episode um of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Bitcoin Tina like to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in in the world that uh are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right right now particularly this week in American you know markets globally with the coronavirus reading reading I think you guys are gonna like okay it quick one always bullish bullish as always always with our good friend Tina. This episode so is brought to you by the cash yet yet freaks are null. Um, I was okay actually had a friend reach out to to me the yesterday the other not the other uh day yesterday. He was like, like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy um Bitcoin. Remember you told me download download that what was it the cash yet? That's what well I said. It's the easiest easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed you know his memory had to to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone okay showing showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast okay okay where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your like hardscaping hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every okay okay day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering like like SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you well well need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show show up so as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get get right well into it getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized optimized SEO optimized is something well that I've been working on for the past past 5 years at least now with creating websites uh and how two hearts hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've uh created and and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on you you know the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to to talk okay a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script script I I mean will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is is the easiest way to make you know a podcast, let me explain. It's It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record I mean and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast podcast apodcast my okay bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast with no uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast in one place. Anyways, I anyways, I mean let's get this rolling. Hey guys, hey guys, welcome back back to the podcast is the boys again okay. We got we got been your host Ethan Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts like. Obviously. We got we we got four main hose the four main host. We got we got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we got Mitchell Preston.
So before so before we start the episode we should talk about anchor anchor. Yes. It's so I mean good and how well for starters it's free and their creation creation tools that let um you record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone or computer and anchor so distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many more. So if you're you know looking to start your own own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking so of podcasts right? Here's the the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 you know today. Oh my God God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain so my my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Colton like Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast podcast um where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to to us or well relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first first we just want to um thank you all. Listening and how much we we appreciate it. We've gotten we've gotten up to around like 70 listeners. So it it was pretty crazy. It kind it kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Zindagi Ki uh Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up hpw up simulate a carafe sake sake make the okay honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host host Ed Makai like time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about about so gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking talking about uh Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that that it is probably not well likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest invest in. Well a so couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac Westpac one of the you know large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment comment on an article so that we're writing for our website where they were showing showing by the latest core logic data I mean that the the median gross rental rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell um is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment apartment and Parnell the gross yield for uh that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and um Becky Becky Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank Thank you uh for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And And this so week. We are celebrating women. I'll is I'll is international Women's Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of uh March, so we thought it'd be a good good opening topic as two female podcast well. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in in the news this week? Okay, so uh I know in a moment you're going to to be talking about a really huge well piece of news that was covered in the the media last week. So I so I thought it okay might be nice for for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story uh that people haven't necessarily heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week so and stumbled across an article article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler like in this this podcast. What we what we do is we have top ten lists. These are are the well audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you you enjoy this like show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or or Oye podcast you know. Also, you also, you are say hi to me on social social media on Instagram well Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler Whistler one word come and I mean say hi to me. Let me know how you you liked this show and let's um get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top top 10 internet. And so in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 10 successful companies that started life uh as something totally different most of us go through through life and not knowing who we I mean are or what we want to do do at least until a few decades in well we go through many false starts starts and travel through many dead and paths until well we find the one that's that's truly right for us many companies are the same often well times the most successful successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take take okay a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us us to okay move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria I'm Maria and my name name is Rory and we are the okay hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast podcast and next week on March the 13th. We well will be the host of of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until um until um five o'clock o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can uh see Rory and myself myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full like ayats speaking test. He'll crack crack jokes on his feet. So no so no preparation whatsoever. It'll I mean be fun. So please please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay so. Absolutely Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah so so Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale McHale and Jenna well ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or or from their okay current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in in so our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll we'll talk like about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why oh oh why I feel like nervous okay today, but I feel nervous today, which I really really yeah II don't know well why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds earbuds what you weren't privy to prior um to this was my frenetic trying to get get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here I mean for 30 minutes. I said to all all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just well got to make sure the the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when well you show up up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight you you know say thank you. Jesus lift jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord Lord for his I mean goodness and mercy in your life. What a a God we have to worship. What a what a I mean son we have have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You okay may may be seated in his presence. I'm not I'm not sure if you are aware aware of so what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message message for I mean you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says says you should okay get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic you you know Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name name is Luke. I'm I mean here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it it how's it going guys? I'm doing I mean good, man. Trying to wake up up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN of TV talk uh now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the the Riverdale after show. What okay a crazy episode that is what are some good good stuff to talk about tonight um. And so and so far first off we're we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 well drama mystery. There's so much much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans like and then I'm gonna gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and uh then then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class you know president president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please please so start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying flying solo you know tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you you have some uh thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys guys as my co-host because so I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second second to talk about Brandon um bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And And honestly, we could have done it without well you guys. So thanks for everything everything and like my new front tooth I mean. We also we also have a a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any you know apparel apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this um episode episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, guys, welcome okay back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from from ACC media you know today. I'm joined I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got got I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire okay and athlete Gemma route joining us and and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand I mean CrossFit and how they're they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So so welcome guys Luke. I I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a like like fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover cover like this event. Tell us tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I I was born and like raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then Then I then I moved over to like New Zealand and continued to kind of of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in in each episode okay. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and and learn tools that like you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for for you or okay a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed licensed professional counselor and nutrition so and mindset coach for many years. I am I am am the CBO of an online counseling and well coaching business Thrive mind-body. We We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough I mean times times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of of uh social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the the podcast you know where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from from current social concerns I mean to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you you plan on conducting interviews with guests so from both within and outside of our campus campus. We also plan on having discussions and you know debates on a Wide range of of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We so will be having having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise like segments. I hope hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness uh and knowledge, so so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range wide range of of topics uh we have something for our listeners as well. We will we we will be having fun contest well for our listeners as well as a few few surprise segments. I hope all you know this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope hope you're well well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I I had a moment this uh week with my coach about accountability and I was was really surprised. It's always um really surprising when you think I've got that bit bit sorted and I'm always really good you know at that and then someone asks asks you a question and you go always like that. I like think I'm good at at that or the time actually good at that so I have you know been been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those I mean challenges challenges. It feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and and you your uh instinct says right. I need I need to move away away from this. I don't want to go um there t harv Eker in his his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets uh easy when you do the hard stuff and and challenging yourself is about doing the hard uh stuff. So something is really challenging you at at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go I mean to to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I uh uh said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are are you know kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on on the smart like TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it it. This weekly this weekly I mean be a super loaded with a bunch of of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, okay then there's a really epic. A meeting I I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is um the team that I own in the the Call of Duty League the minority owner I mean along with the event Vikings ownership ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my so mindset about business and operations and and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some there's some Vayner Sports like like Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an an um incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good so so at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this uh uh podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor Anchor is uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free free totally um free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it it allows you to record and uh edit your podcast right from your phone or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast like for you so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms like you can make money from your podcast podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys well. It's that good. Okay, it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in uh one place, please download the free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot uh. F m-- fm-- to get started. Trust Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey like guys, welcome back to my podcast or or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me me well. If you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you you then you will know okay that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to to encourage us with the word of uh God. And that and that is basically the the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at uh real life scenarios scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be uh using and speaking very specific scriptures scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind like this is that as as we go through tests and trials which we can't so obviously avoid but we will our our mindset that we would go um through it will be different. I am so so convinced and I have been challenged myself to uh apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down you know know. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected suspected of mind I mean has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now Now you off social okay media. What's their apart? You're going straight into into it. It's a whole bunch I mean of things. But I think for me the the most important thing is just to okay like get focused packable and I I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it okay back. But then I realize realize it sounds like they really I need to eat like your because life has now now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka babka last week. I um went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I I spend the weekend there to um do a keynote talk also was a a part of a panel and yeah had a good like time in general so so good to be back right now and let's start off with well a a brand new podcast. This time this time I've invited Matt angleman and he says well it's it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually it's it's actually the second I okay guess he is the I think he's the vice vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted just just wanted to give you a quick I mean update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight um. I was stuck in in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there I mean was was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any um um Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia. I just I just um got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm I'm heading back home like. So like so like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't won't be on the podcast. Have a um good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick like second to let let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters podcasters um out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast podcast. It's free it's free I mean to use and has all the creation tools tools. You need to record and edit your okay podcast right from your phone or computer computer plus anchor will get your podcast set like up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect like with sponsors, even if you're just just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make well sure to to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to uh Anchor dot. F m-- m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f like m-- back to the the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at at Blackboard McKees Rocks like. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I I saw him do a well feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best best frontman. He was so good like okay yeah a very energetic and his voice voice like a buzz saw like it was uh crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, Yeah, his yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing like. Yeah, like wife's wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like uh uh people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing uh uh while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like we're like crawling on the floor floor. Yeah, I I mean think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was was he was like have like a sin a coat you know on and like the the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out like of the the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good um goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that if well you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you you listen to one of my um pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content content. There's over tick like so you can listen to me once a day for 10 10 straight years and not have you know to pay nothing. But guess what what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening well to me and middle school school and high school. Then he went to Auburn uh and told the coach coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros you know and told the the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood like who didn't have have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when so when they went I mean to to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They They uh took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when when they became I mean CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the well well station. The senior the senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on on sensor with um Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got Got a special episode I mean lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I I really mean that from the so bottom of my heart and I can't say thank thank you enough on today's episode like. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today well well and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on personal development well productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting commuting to you know work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of of hours. Go to I mean Quick read.com app and download our app for free free today. Summary of best job okay ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D you know Johnston introduction when people ask you what you you do for a living do you joyfully well say I have the best job ever? ever Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead ahead of my like time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll you'll ever see uh is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I hey, hey, I don't even know how to um start. It's nice to be back again again. It is coming up on spring okay time and I'm excited about that because it's it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes you know I like to say that that I like cold weather, but I think I like okay warm every now and and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for um me. I can't can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided I mean not to to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll uh uh understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, so, I mean but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I I guess but pretty you know big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For For those of like you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking speaking with Robert Keegan okay Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working working in the field you know of adult development. And if and if you're not not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening um to this show show. We do we do a kind of Action to his work an overview of okay the the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically uh uh for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to to like Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration so for for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for you you know. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy Legacy. Now. What do well we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that that people like like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, medicos, okay I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become become um a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was was never so an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that that we are you know opting for something which is a tough profession. We all all had our you know, I mean older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all all had somebody with a when we um go home. We went to talk in our class class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV um um Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode episode this episode was insane you well guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be be with us tonight, but well we'll see her back next week and I'm here with with my lovely co-host so a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are are up on this uh episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally literally honestly, okay. So uh so uh who so many things happened on this episode episode that we need to unravel, but this um episode opened up with ish ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing so is back in town town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out okay to Canada for for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? okay okay You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling like you you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you uh uh know. It's good it's good to be able to get rocked to sleep sleep. You know that. I thought I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it it loves and okay nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when when merits are accomplished um it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so so grateful to welcome you to another episode of I mean the real you a a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind uh taking care of of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My okay my okay name name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the you know real real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping helping I mean each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power power um of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want want to uh quit sure. Why is why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm host Simon Whistler I mean. This is the audio version of our video show on on YouTube. If you like want to go look it up there and see see the video version of these you can um do that. If you're if you're enjoying enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever um you get your your podcasts and leave us a review. It would it would be kind I mean mean of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top top 10s like. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts facts about like the American Mafia. Number 10 number 10 more than the mafia in America America organized crime has become um almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to thanks to to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity I mean criminals and ethnic stereotyping stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized uh crime groups groups in the United States. They are far from the only game in town um during during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the in the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do do good a virtuous uh friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of of the other person. Welcome I mean to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My My name my name is nacho. I'm Thomas so. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking talking about friendships for filing the kind uh of pattern that we've had two weeks ago ago. We talked we talked about intentionality and last week we talked you know about it it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking talking about so a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you you have a I mean joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast so so with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much much for tuning in okay in today's episode. I want I want to mainly jump jump into the who what why okay when and how of this podcast. So before before you decide to listen to me, let like me at least help you understand who who I am. I've been I've been an RD uh for about 5 years years now. I've worked in many different places. I started I started well off at at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into uh a clinic Uncle Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to to well the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be be I was able to um sit with people for longer periods of time we set set realistic goals, we had uh follow-ups and we were able to see each other for for a bit more than so five or ten minutes and you're working in the the clinical setting you're able to uh squeeze in a couple minutes in between the the doctors. The patients are really tired I mean at this point because they've been been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still you're still we going with it. Hello. It's It's over. This um is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here here with my to well co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it it but I'll let uh you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce introduce yourself first. Wait, I um have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you you so you said you had to so co-host and one of them couldn't couldn't make it. Yes one yes one of us the like other co-host. Matthew couldn't make make it so you two you're both your co-host your like math isn't working here here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he uh co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship friendship so matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm I'm Marcy well Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is is to help women well read more and read well and also to encourage us to to make time for leisure friendship okay and literature to view our booklets or join a group group near you visit you know while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you thank you I mean so much for joining joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently like like asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away away. The well first question that came from our members this year and some of of our leaders was can okay you help me understand the membership terms meaning when when women join? Well, where'd well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and okay bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew grew up as I mean best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We We still have our okay own take on every situation and we're here coming at you you live from poojas you know basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you you not live from pooches I mean basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We We hope you enjoy this episode of so tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode you know of PB and chill in in this episode. We are we are going to be talking about well the necessity necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do so this particular particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a like dream dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme theme of this first uh episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational foundational as you know, I mean my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries missionaries kids and the people who well love them to better understand the complexities that that drive us the gifts and the challenges well the joys and the frustrations of growing growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused um and complicated environment. Ain't there ain't there there was a time when I wasn't aware of so the differences that came from from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull so of the happy and and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries like kids in in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to like realize that that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're we're well not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series. The knowledge you know is focused on helping you change your life in four key key areas retaining the information uh that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And And of course re I mean attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig okay Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be be talking to you about am so I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there there are lots of new people okay that discover my channel every day and every every week and so the information can be well very overwhelming obviously Margaret and and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan Dylan and well Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We We just um filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs Jacobs okay from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this this podcast like. So that's going to be on big little life right right now. We have all of well your emails. We're just going to go go through them answer them with our heart like. I'm really trying to answer answer these well for you guys down and I you know are just two normal people people. Or and or and we have our own struggles. So we're just so going to tell tell you what we would hope that we would do in these I mean mean situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we we I mean have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't we wouldn't do do combined with some well things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that that good stuff I mean. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks looks of mine with so the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a a brand uh new episode next week. But if you need something to tide tide you over until then okay there's another show that I think you'll really like like. It's called love you know letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love love letters is hosted by Meredith okay Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every every episode of the show well Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares shares real. Is from is from people grappling with well the same question in the episode? episode You're about you're about to hear Meredith tells the story like of a single mom mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to I mean a new new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode episode of well Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of one of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury so research research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc like insights on a regular basis basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market uh cannot escape from the the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing okay a round to to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread okay Beyond China China into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect well sentiment sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things um um about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one like. This This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and and I mean you're hearing this, thank you. That means that means you're supporting that means I'm I'm getting out I mean there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So So I look forward to my you know first podcast. My first guest is going to to be my home gym ball good I mean dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets streets to kind of group grew up a lot so about them, but I will definitely definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so like let's get this together and and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you uh for tuning in. This is the the first show of the Hobbies G show number one like episode one starring season one starring starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just okay fucking a guest. Well, that's my my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your your host like and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme meme stir. Let's be real um what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk okay to the best in the industry. Let's Let's ask let's ask him some stuff. See what makes so them tick how they got got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is well going to take you back back to school. So take out a pen and paper um take some notes because I had had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar well Savage. Fellas and ladies ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her I mean. Short story they kind kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma trauma unscathed well on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was was a self-loathing woman uh with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that that I didn't make uh because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of of my um life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to to the like finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with with the intent of well educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking thinking and of course New Perspectives so. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational informational purposes okay only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment investment or tax advice all opinions you know expressed by podcast participants are solely their own own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the I mean opinions of RCM RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this I I mean podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential potential. Pets I pets I mean and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and and other alternative Investments okay are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such such they are uh not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by by our Sam Alternatives where we you know dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze go go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers um and chat with interesting guests from from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for I mean you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of one of of the co-hosts of the um pulse podcast today. We have we have jaxxed odered. Most Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of uh Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture the so pulse of healthcare Innovation that that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community. We you know are super super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with with like over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and design design thinking seeking I mean to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career career transfer me healthcare I mean companies. Can you give us a brief summary of of your career path today? And what so were the key career Transitions and decisions you you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast well well is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is this is is a safe I mean space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and and encourage Rita join so me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, guys, welcome to love gold and okay freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast podcast will be all about all kinds you know of love. The love the love love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the okay love we have have for friends and the love we have for a significant other okay and all all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget I mean anything anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you you well would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a a career to a um physical state to your Total emotional state because we all all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the um um word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is it is an an adjective meaning equivalent uh as in value Force effect or signification used in a a sentence. His angry speech was uh tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM so translating as to amount amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with well the similar sounding word Paramount Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or so preeminent as as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount like and Paramount can can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or I mean up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official official episode of okay the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to to have some chat members um on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is is e versus Romero uh. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music music. New Era so podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys guys. If you could go ahead and um just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers viewers. That would be lit. It's going on I mean. It's a Garret everything UFC UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this well is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA AKA early want you to go to okay 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of of the I mean heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're They're not going to uh get a chance to prepare ahead of time that that they use their wit's This I mean is one of the track chapter chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When you know Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I I so I uh made a post the other day about the you know, I even even made okay a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here here maybe but uh about you know, your gym not being the best our today, today, you know, I think you know it should be more of a pillar pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram I mean post and I dropped it it in a couple of Philly at owners groups like. And anyway, obviously you can can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual like this Rob Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I well apologize Rob Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM uh and you you just like bro. I don't I don't I don't agree. I think I think think this argument well is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both both like I mean and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached reached out to me uh and show me a DM and I do what I typically do do when I um hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you you know next well thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages messages and the guy, so you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going you you know to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and and we'll be um a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your your own I mean podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One One Stop Shop for creating uh your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to to record and edit your podcast right you know from your phone or your computer. It It also it also distributes your podcast to most major podcast well platforms. And finally, finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if I mean podcast podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go go um to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been so been been a so couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my my last, you know update um on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of of surrounding that that's you you know know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could could almost be called, you like know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way way since you know, January 21st, when I mean I kind of first started talking about about it and so and for good reason obviously, well I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms so so beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome wholesome and prayerfully designed so and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of of life and to you know promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten ten percent off your entire order uh use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please please check out the link in the uh show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent uh we can't recommend enough the pray more more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you um meditate on the Lord's passion death death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own so pace and you can can find the time to listen to the five inspiring like speakers and 19. Total talks talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make make well podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there you you know is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast right like from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast for um you. So it so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and and many others. Fourth uh you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally literally everything you need you know in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists capitalists get their money for any small uh business thinking of funding their new adventure one one possibility is to approach Venture I mean capitalists be seized and raise the funds many many VCS invest in small companies and um if you watch even one episode of of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you however, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the okay okay vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this this okay podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to to say if um the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't haven't got like my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of of moving uh so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed needed like me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also also started so a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to to come at once so. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do do this by like myself is because it's something that I want to talk to to you about just so from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council uh for for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British British I mean Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language language assistance um podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to to our well program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia Dahlia who are all I mean British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although although from different departments. We are so all linked to the language assistance program program through previously taking part as an assistant or um currently working on on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where okay your your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, okay I'm I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I and I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you um on on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is like like now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make make you know podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool tool that so allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone or computer uh anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard on Spotify well Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to to start monetizing okay your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything everything you need to so make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I I wish I joined sooner download the uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your your host Danny Lopez for well the on the gun line podcast and you're you're listening to the midweek memo for March I mean for 2020. I'm dropping the kind kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked like up this morning. I don't have have enough time to do it our at night I mean last night and this morning. Well, Well, I got a shift change so I don't have uh enough time to do it it in the morning. Like I used to kind of like ran out of time. So So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break uh. How to light my my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every every you know night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going going to be talking uh about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're now, you're probably thinking what what the hell is deferred Capital so maintenance and what it is is it is the the situation where if you um buy an existing property you buy it today and then then in 10 years it well requires a new row for Is significant expense on the the hot water? It's you know cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house house and we know that this happens like it's not something we necessarily necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but okay it's something that needs to happen if if every couple of months, so I not months every couple I mean of decades decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we we are back so it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas pajamas that is uh not on account of laziness that is actually on account of of the fact um that I have been working really really hard today been editing editing some stuff right now uh sweet bear and I we are in South Carolina and and we have some friends coming well down here to meet. Eat us in a few few days. It's one of our good friends like. It's her birthday and so will will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday okay and some of Friday off off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so I mean today was was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything well so so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear like like and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited excited so to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for for you know years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in in my spirit I mean to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work work book series well. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in in four key areas retaining you know the information that I teach personal growth improving your your relationships. And of course re I mean attracting your eggs available now at ask ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth I mean. I'm coach Margaret. And And today and today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So so so so so some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of some of of you don't well some of you guys have this idea of like a twin twin flame well some of you don't but today we're going to look at at soul mates and so Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number number 29 so and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And And then we're you know going to do a little bit of challenging our view view on luck. So I hope well you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning turning to Springtime where you are just moments okay before coming into my garage garage to record this for y'all. I was out in I mean the sun just baking baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually like kind of of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So uh I'm getting out out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels you know the best right right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like well those those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs you you know. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of Of course I mean you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting starting your own uh horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out out into the world. There's I there's I mean a new all-in-one platform for for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so and it's it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to record and and you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even even better Anchor you know will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple Apple or Spotify uh or everywhere else. You can you can find podcasts. It's everything you you need to make well a podcast all in one place. So what are you you waiting for download the free uh anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, what's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle cycle with me Joshua Smith for uh the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you you to sit down and buckle up because you know we're flipping tables and talking Liberty Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural uh episode of break the the cycle. I'm your I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're so going to talk talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates okay are are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right I mean mean that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the the third segment, we're I mean going to end talking about super Tuesday and the the primaries and how Libertarians all so just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's There's ever anything that you you know want to hear on an episode of break the cycle cycle. Please message please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with with Liam. How are well you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well Well so far. Yeah, it's been okay a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule I mean this episode. So I'll record it and and then I'll save it to come out you know later because I will be be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, so yeah, if you were okay listening before before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while you know I still still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one one will I mean you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment environment I mean trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone someone treat and so on I mean Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about about Forest, but do we really know like about it? You are you are now now listening to let's talk trees with me and get like your hand. India's a a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we I mean hear the word word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem um um solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science science so of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we we aim to um make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place place okay suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven well well and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to to be tongues of so fire that separated and came to rest on on each of them. All of them uh were filled with the Holy Spirit and began began. To speak in other tongues well as the spirit enabled them. Now there now now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by by surprise uh when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like like I well always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I I wonder so exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it it. Dude. I'm in you know Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order order I was like, oh, no, would like you fuck me up with two of of those famous bowls amount of times. You've okay you've okay guys said wedges I said wedges wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I uh didn't get wedgies because what was was it Ben it was french fries. They are I mean serving friend you Iris deceitful deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing okay to to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast series series I mean is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on on the Pentecostal like Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth youth Ministries to see like you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through through your daily time with um him. Remember your remember your daily devotion matters. March March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will like be reading from number 17 verses verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora uh here. Now you sons of of Levi it is a small thing to you that the okay god of Israel Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring so you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on their their retirement okay savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and and invest enough to uh become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience experience exactly how you uh can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement retirement on or before the uh age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla Kayla and I have been married for well nine years had three boys and earn four four degrees combined with no student you know loan debt and have taken our our household income from zero to over a hundred well and thirty thousand dollars a a year. We both want to invite you to fire you know the family.com where we we have free tools and resources that you can use to well get started on your your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas um um come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency agency accounting like Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media media publishing technology education and uh more the ideation process can be a little bit of a a black box to so those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We We hope these conversations can shed you know some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized industrialized and more service-based more and more of like us are expected to be creative as part part of our jobs. Our hope is that by okay talking to people who work work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently so creative the rest rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the okay idea idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine well well Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You You are okay of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm I'm so you know glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I I feel like the flow from you know What's the what's the book about the white white way? I feel like I've well caught the white whale and I finally got every every in the in the podcast with well us. So well, thank you. So good to finally finally have you alone? How many how many times should well we reschedule and honestly honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this so this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we we need more voices in I mean the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and holding fast to the Traditions so passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before before our eyes. There are like a lot of ways to get involved and an an easy one is to start uh a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting hosting platform. If I if I mean you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to make a podcast. Let me so explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow allow you to record and edit your you know podcast right from your phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you like. So it can be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um actually make make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything you need um to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're you're interested download the um free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to so so take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having having a um good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth truth out there to so debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or or those well who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea idea on like how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process process for you. Today is um going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, scientific, but just laying some truth like out there for you to give it some some thought as you enter a diet or if I mean you are in the middle middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the the easiest uh way to make a podcast. Let me let me explain number one one. It's free. It's free uh. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go go on there's creation tools that allow like you to record and edit your podcast podcast right from your phone or computer uh. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple like podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's there's seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've well never heard of thanks. Anchor you anchor anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum uh listenership. It's It's everything. You need you need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked asked like a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you you well start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot. F I mean m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The The I mean True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining well us. We can't wait to share the details of of this wild episode with you. Welcome well back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the I I mean things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers bothers me you know that the kids do would be standing or walking on the the couch. There's six okay of us in this household and this couch is is falling apart. You're supposed you're supposed to sit on a um couch not walk walk on it not run on it now jump on it and you know dance on on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So you know know when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but like like they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the the uh couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it it. I'll so tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes Yes. I you know was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we we are near appreciate everybody like for taking the time out to listen to the Mac Mac truth. You understand we shared um everybody out there. You already know man, you're you're we just out here trying to okay teach people knowledge and wake them up on on the deception. You already know. No, we I mean have a few subject we we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, first like we go talk talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with okay a pandemic on the the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see I see um a new strip came out from California. They so-called they so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development development well Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform platform dedicated well to empowering women through legal education. Thank you thank you for joining me me for the first ever episode uh of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a a leotard ceiling Milo okay. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who who recently resigned from a boutique like investment and Alton see company based in sandton sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day I mean duties and and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to so any legal legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation I mean mean was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts um um. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The The Disappearance you know and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw so throw back a shot shot of espresso and let's Dive okay In. Dorothy James Scott and her son son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house I mean near Anaheim at the time time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her okay son Sean is for for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he uh actually lives in in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before so before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you you that we ask you know all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three three words that you okay would use to describe yourself three and I have to just just narrow it down to I mean three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can and can can you tell us a dad uh joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't can't see what happens if um I responded that way but here's my try. So So why did the dad I mean know that? His baby daughter would be a a great marketer. Her first word was uh Data I tried. And what is one random thing thing that you wish more people like knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys so a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of your favorite artists and well podcasts in one place. That's for that's for free Hallelujah Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify you know has a huge catalogue of podcasts podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening um to right now and and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an so episode you can can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are okay okay a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter you you know where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to to download okay the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in the you know your library Tab and give us a follow. So you so so you never miss an episode speaking like of which let's see what we've got got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily uh episode 646 guilt and shame shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot you know of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the the Dogfish you know Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me me would uh be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats Eats the podcast like I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the okay table table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese Reese you know posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of of Bristol so from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to to put I mean the mare in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins Jenkins and I'm studying like broadcast journalism at the University of the west of England England. My name is Simon white uh. I'm studying media and journalism at you as well well. And I'm in the second um year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from from the EU on the student population? Well, I mean I understand from what I I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of uh students applying for overseas hasn't hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been so very proactive. I'm reaching out out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven Joven. I'm a like certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all all about Hope I mean and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really I'm I'm really looking forward to sharing okay with you a conversation. I had I I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about uh relationships and when when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them okay to understand what we're we're going through in terms of our experience with living with like complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us us you know off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before before we move okay on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we we should talk you know about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? it I'm Kate. I uh I uh know you were I thought you want to tell tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, you know so there was was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two uh days days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful well and and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also also our I mean country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at at so such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus I mean of of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston well well. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American American College of okay clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled titled oseltamivir so for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr Dr. Rack well is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and and has contributed uh several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I I I mean that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and and uh how you doing? I'm good I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll You'll Marilla marzipan, March well 1 March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday yesterday. Yeah. I felt like really stupid because I had to ask you a a question about leap year. What did you know you ask me to remember? remember We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew you know up with the kid whose dad dad his birthday was that we'd always teased so that he had his dad was only only like 14 or whatever. I literally well never thought of that once that's interesting interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living um that's how old you are are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently you know they celebrate it on on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday uh. Yeah. That's That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you you okay were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little little bit. I uh I uh know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's this this Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess um we'll guess we can use it like well well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's I mean use that. Yeah, what's what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast just like to see what what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming I mean mean tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee okay. So So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much I mean mean. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey Grey. Yeah I mean. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good good. What about like you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I I truly like espresso espresso uh. I make sense. Well, what well, what if you you made this podcast if it's just called just well the tea, why don't we just just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I like do call coffee. I was like like why not we can call it just the tea you know guys, but then then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted wanted us to like look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is is jam-packed with Theology and interesting well thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that that people quote all the time and Romans you know chapter 1 is really no no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're you know dealing with with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law of God really written like like on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter no matter where where they've grown up or so what they've heard all their lives and it's it's an incredible chapter it lists out all so the ways that we can act basically basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle uh Hawks Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath well well stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a a okay decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking looking like well it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We We all know uh about that line and how it moved over the past past few few days before the um game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself myself out of taking the I mean dragons spread of the plus 11 and a a half and I shouldn't have done you know that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to to the nope you know. That's not what it says show. I am the rude rude Samantha and I cannot okay express to you how stinking excited I am am to share the next few episodes you know with you. I'm sitting down and talking talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental okay health. This is something that we both have have discussed often in our friendship as we uh talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and and experiences that we've had. But it's um crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial crucial And Timely to discuss the uh issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we once we finished finished recording an entire session so. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either yeah, either this microphone microphone is broken or something happened and okay we couldn't agree listen to it on on the speakers on here. So we put it like onto my laptop to see see what it sounded like and there's these little better okay at things like clicks clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually uh has has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that okay you you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families like to feed. Let's Let's roll let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in you you know a world where two boys talk about things and their names are are Kevin well and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance okay okay of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack lack the tools you know and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to to be hired. I am uh one of the few people in this world who who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali you know know how to present present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with um you what I've learned learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed you know entrepreneur all all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once uh you've listened enough join join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of you know people are are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our our well act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we uh really enjoy enjoy our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just um got got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but but Sunday, you know especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have have any homework uh what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out out clean your rooms uh. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder reminder that we gotta get back um to work and school tomorrow morning. I like like teasing my kids at this time because well it's a i you guys. I I know that school is your favorite. You guys um can't even wait wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they you know know really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools schools like work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite definite article um in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other other video about the indefinite like articles, you can always go back and watch that that video as well in English. We so have three articles. I know that there are are some languages like Russian. I want to okay say Japanese that do not have have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English so articles are very confusing and and then there are languages like German that has I think I mean three different different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an I mean English English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor anchor uh. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for for casual you know poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert Robert tell the um people I anchor so great one. It's free love free big big plus when it's free um to you can only record and edit your podcast or or you can upload your podcast okay straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your your podcast to all the streaming platforms that uh apple pie. It cast it cast Spotify Stitcher Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will well be short short and on top of that you can even make money off of okay this this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and um you you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the I mean right sponsors for for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple well to get get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? everybody Welcome okay to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 5 Hamptons Vice. I uh am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do do we have a lot to cover uh tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of of new Jordan stuff to talk about like and we're just gonna go straight straight through and talk about all the relationships and like I've got some fun engagement news. You You guys you'll have to wait to the end I mean for that that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then okay we'll end end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next um week and maybe the the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to to well be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and uh uh what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali you you know my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position position where so the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might might be going well into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important important that position um generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 20 draft class has to uh offer we will be going Each position group one one by one in the Box. The like draft has that it looks to be a a major part of how the Panthers like go about this rebuild that we've heard heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy well this podcast love you're listening to to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this episode includes uh dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may may find offensive. We I mean advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, eerie, October 9th in 1961 you know. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky Kentucky. That is that is at 3 a.m. On you know October 27th some night owl. Owls Owls in owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a um woman wandering their their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we so should close close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have please have you so seen seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't okay recognize recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Mental like Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old old Nathaniel I mean should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His His sister's like nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was was already on his I mean way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe Maybe if he pretended well enough I mean the Sandman would leave him him be all he had to do was steady his breathing you know stay stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears you know know as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, yeah, I uh know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come come out okay of the cow. They died they died a white because there's pus pus and blood in it um and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your Your mom will join to I mean do that is disgusting. I've tried I've tried like like almond milk was just isn't there's well almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not Not this? Smells good doesn't matter okay coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk milk coconut milk coconut coconut you know milk coconut water discussed. How can I was was absolutely vile? And I and I don't know why people eat you know it it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would okay okay it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't don't think well I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've We've been drinking cow like milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy easy way to get you well going. All you have to do is go to Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to um get started and you know what? It's totally free just just download the free anchor app um or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- and and you're on your way to you know your own podcast. You can have fun fun. You can you can talk about whatever you want well to talk about on your your own podcast. You can you can make it by whatever you um want want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go well to the the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you know you you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role role. Agenda. I'm about I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We We will discuss Florida's uh loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the the Gators to so 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie like Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for for Scotty. Louis could be uh the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's bassett's going to graduate with honors well High honors, I think in In the spring spring which is fantastic really happy for him or um take some listener questions. It's a a fun show. We hope we hope you guys enjoy it so. You know, know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This well is March March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week okay is brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast podcast series is based on um the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth um Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth youth Ministries to see you grow in your okay personal relationship with Jesus Christ through through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion like matters. March 2nd entitled debtors debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm so chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am well in trouble my eyes eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and okay my body for my life is is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories stories uh that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks Thanks uh as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never okay okay listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and okay okay get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is Is like is like affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack crack production team well includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like Like we're going so to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the the leader like of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also also we're also joined by youth like Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring bring you stories like is God I mean real? Well, it turns out for the the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you how you doing, my friend? friend so Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I um um appreciate you taking the time. It's been it's been a little while since we've chatted chatted. So so what have you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But But Patty but Patty you know and I my wife decided probably when I had a a year left in Colorado Springs at well my position that we would move back to to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're we're getting I mean a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and and in today's so episode. I'm going I'm going to share a few thoughts on the the idea of finding okay meaning more to come on that in a moment. But first first let's settle in I mean with the sound of the Bells. Finding your finding your your life's meaning is one of those things so that can feel daunting and or just too too big to tackle that some people you know have a seem to have have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast you you know. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan Jordan. What's up guys? okay This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's hey, how's how's it going guys? This is Brady you know Turner. This is the first episode episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I okay get my last name introduced introduced as well? All right all right Brady got his I like knew as as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards well well kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan I mean mean Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is this this is um our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked um um about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly uh uh intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to so to to begin with we so will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number number between one and five um. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business business where we like talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs uh. I hope I hope you like it. Thank you thank you you guys for joining into the art of so this is today. My guess my old old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? okay Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you you for having me. Looking forward to this right I mean now. Thank you for for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are like little bit of of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn you know the other day day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer I mean mean together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Travis Likens well. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here here for episode 16 okay. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first first up sticker fide like. They made a wonderful Circle for us us and they want to do the same uh for you. So if you want to check check them out, make sure to head over um to sticker fide.com. Also, no love love City the love City where you get the urban um robot cat t-shirt. And if if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll you know receive 10% off your your order. That is no love city.com. And then and then also SD prints prints uh there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products products for um your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a a product for you you know. You can check them out at SD screen printing printing dotnet. So episode so episode 16 I mean. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate in you know secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, research, but ultimately can like never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel kernel of truth. There's well a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group group to protect their true like goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds hundreds of pro-democracy okay activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed proposed by legislators you know as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys so podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a a little well bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I will um admit. So if so if you haven't heard about anchor is the the easiest way to make I mean a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's There's creation tools that allow you to record you know and edit your podcast right from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know for you. So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad okay and many more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean. It's everything you you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get uh this rolling rolling. Like a like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay Okay I mean. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just it's it's just an iPhone like like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're if you're back hello and welcome welcome back Sue's you know of time. I have I have a special guest today. Who's Who's helping me. I'm well I'm well drinking tea. This is this is my friend Lavie Lavie. Hello. Um, I've um, I've known the birdie um I live. Oh, yeah, oh, oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really well old bird bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning Turning I mean off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually actually kind of so scared of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've I've never he's a uh parakeet. He's a he's a little he's a budgie budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny um his little arthritic feet and he's he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin boivin you know senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner commissioner for British well Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, privacy, right? Aims so to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the the everyday work of the okay more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information information in this province. We well we well want organizations to think more about the the sheer volume of personal information. They collect they collect and well process everyday their their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can I mean help. It's It's about it's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a like like topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode another episode episode 8 of the one one man ride podcast. I'm um your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters Fighters. We had go in um there my hero, which is the reason that brought it it up is because I was you know going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and and today so it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day Day and we um are recording two and one day and we are so excited for for our guest well today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so we're so excited excited and you guys know where okay to find us. You can find us on Instagram Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look um at Behavior, but just podcast or on on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead I mean leave us a 5-star review review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you like have have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at uh all. Thanks Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when when Rachel well Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which which included her reading like shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second second was handled Tastefully I mean but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed mixed on its inclusion on so Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for for the show to have well its cake and eat it too with one trending trending post led by user and ingenious you know username saying how the producers run run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and um the show taking no no accountability for it was crap at no point um at The Bachelor show Runners are are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating so toxic environments. The show is is specifically designed and run around the notion of like having a villain. You can't can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but you know every single single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity you you know and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like well to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor I mean Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy so easy guys, like I did not know, you know publishing podcast was was so easy. If I had only I mean known it like five ten years before early early because all I um need to do is download the anchor. I have I I have record my voice in uh it and just click post and anchor will will do all the job for me. It you know will publish it in all the the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and okay I do not not need to do anything else. So this so this is just too awesome awesome guys like. You also need to make use of it. If you have have a message if you I mean have some come content, which you feel that needs to to reach out to okay the world or simply want to post something make make sure you use this. Mascara so. Namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes shoes podcast. So in so in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines heroines you know week on Choppers. Every day every day we'll be talking about a different different awesome woman from history okay a heroin heroines are women who do great things and and a remembered for uh their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the the way. Our first heroic so woman lived a long long time ago in in ancient China. Her name was Empress so Shilling. She and she and she discovered something something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of uh saying a woman ruler like like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her uh husband husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled strangled by her own well bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task task for police resulting like in a questionable admission. If you if you enjoy enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of you know Betty Gale Brown and want want to hear more like it check out our series like unsolved murders every Tuesday Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper so into Some of history's history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever well you listen to to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener okay discretion is advised advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault uh that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy uh uh Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce I pronounce it, right right that was pretty well good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was it was was pretty good history of New well Zealand podcast. And so and so tell us a little little bit about your projects and what you've I mean been working on and what what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, well my name is is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the I mean history history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what well it it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore explore I mean how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your your body to I mean change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am am doing great. It's kind you know of weird. I normally record on Fridays Fridays but this week I'm recording on a you know Wednesday because I've been traveling traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to uh what day it is because because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever like happen happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know you know like you you think like all you know day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just like what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have have Chris uh with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast podcast seeing through the like offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good good special on first so off. So we so we all like to get a bit of of an insight into the franchise and okay today's guest definitely needs no real real introduction to those day our fans and um those fans who obviously had attended the the games in the City of Angels um of Allah and in London, So So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about about um my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers fundscom fundscom. I'm a huge fan uh of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in in the office all day long uh as you might know Spotify has a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic I mean including the one you're you're listening to right now. You can you can listen to all uh of your favorite artists artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite you know know podcast. So you so you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes episodes to listen to uh offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with with your friends on Instagram. Haven't okay done so already be sure to download the Spotify Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on you know Spotify or browse podcast podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So um you never never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st st. Albans Steve uh firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on on Tuesday night well the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be be fair so. It's been it's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I I kind of knew um it was going to be a bit like that. But But until but until we sort of broken down okay loss or often our second half half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good you know. Yeah one individual individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to okay you tonight was Jeb Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP okay will get better better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that that were friends um and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me me how we do like it how we get it out there how we record it it. And you know, you know thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which which if we would um have had when we first started out this would have been way way way easier well and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you you know, so anchor is I mean by far the easiest way to make a podcast it it gives you everything you need I mean. In one place so you don't have have to get Pro Tools or any well fancy recording equipment or anything and you you can literally make a podcast and um edit it on your phone right there there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives I mean you all the creation tools tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good well which you you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way so to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation there's creation tools that allow you you to record and well edit your podcast right from your phone or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you know you. So it can be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you well can make money from your podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you okay need to make a podcast in in one place download the free anchor app or go you know to Anchor dot dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson um. Back podcast podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the I mean ball, ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you you so doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I I I mean love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank thank like you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long long overdue and you know, well I love listening so far and I can't wait wait to continue to follow along in like the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you you many times we have such great uh conversations and we talk in depth about about how you got to where you are and I mean what drives you you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is well so important important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches coaches. And like athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of of Steel you know media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, course, we didn't expect to well die out here. You know, you know, I'm I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money like D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and uh girls to Squad Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this well week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook Outlook plug-in created by our app uh to help companies get control of their email for for this episode really excited to have okay one of our one of the biggest names in in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very I mean much. That's an interesting interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in like construction. I think think my name is probably used a lot in construction these like days in all all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the like independent review review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville you know know fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such such well poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking looking um at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy you know to to be doing this. I mean I mean decent Spirits. If you if you you asking me why it's a like bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if so if so you are a subscriber subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've uh accomplished something with me me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first uh and foremost foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be be uh possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my like like stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need need to spell out um to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube YouTube content come on now uh but away from all of that as you look look normal. I wouldn't say a well lots happened in football, but a lot has has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads well keep our band for eight games and and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly okay calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR um um leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's It's simply has okay to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to to deliver greater you know business value. This episode is a break from our our usual format. It features it features a well panel discussion, which took place at at the recent people analytics and future of um work conference in San Francisco. The The discussion was titled HR skills of the future you know and how to develop and and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC uh Berkeley having spent spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and okay okay operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people people analytics boober and is okay a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director director of my um HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going we're going to be talking about taking taking control. Per I per I mean se taking control of our emotions, but the big big question is how do we take you know control of our emotions? Here's the the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick um you down. Right but we're we're going to talk about two of those important points right um now. And that's your your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It so is the branch branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism you know know and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is is how um refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel feel you know emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness happiness sadness anger well and fear which and there are others of course, but those those are kind of so the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the so the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we we have our first sponsor you know. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast podcast is stencil plus. So so so so I use stencil plus with my business business. They made they made a handicap logo for me amongst well other custom custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest okay okay price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have have so a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Social Media okay stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose choose from and they uh can create anything if they don't have it already. So if so so if you have something very custom you know you want made they will work with with you and they listen to their customers needs well of what they want what they need need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming coming like your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great great chat so and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did did too like and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you thank you you very much and were um small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I I always say to people I I mean do this because I love the band. Of talking of of talking to the bonds and having so a chat with them and seeing how to to do see if we are kind of similar um in any way in in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome I mean. So thanks thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking you know know about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard so so about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's like free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast right from like your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So So you so you can you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can make money from your podcast like. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make a podcast in one place. So like download the free acre app or go to to Anchored ifm to get started okay. Hey, do you want to join in on on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday um night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it well check out your favourite podcasting platform platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning like. This is beyond where you'll learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us you know how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before but before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to to our well sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor Anchor anchor is uh basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload upload and create your uh own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically anchor basically basically handles all the distribution. So I mean basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor Anchor it'll send your podcast to well a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you okay upload it to Anchor or if you you want to create your own podcast download the I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I I mean mean have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to like like what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is is on board um and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that that we are going okay to go on together. I've done I've done a little eye. Like Like organizing and like note books like and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've I've done list of how I you know want it to pan out whether or not not it pans out like that is well another story because I can be a a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I um want you to shut shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're if you're driving, well please please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford in so London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is it it is Thursday, March uh 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's It's a little like pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't we didn't get a chance to talk talk after the uh Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They They had won three in so a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm Norm. Yeah, it does but you have so to sort of reflect on the fact that the the Leafs won three games in uh. Road that road that we're key games against against teams that were at least on par with them well Florida a few points behind behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver so who was was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up um against the the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out so so of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and and they got so outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and the topic like of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted attracted to in Men. In I mean other words. What are the things? What are are the triggers? What are the things that well women like about us guys? So what what kind of behavior is it that they like so like we can exhibit exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first like things first that we we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional so beings and their their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love you you know story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the the um grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens happens in such a so way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go go ahead and um introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called called it's called speaking like for the bag. And the reason why we we picked that name, I mean, well it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag bag we in the bag we got um the bags of cured. No, that's what it is is. Obviously the obviously the end goal is to I mean make money off this that is is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm uh doing this for my love love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy I mean with my voice Okay, Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here like is in it for for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced um in this business. Honestly, Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was was the voice of someone uh stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to to do the show? Yes or okay no after my nap. What do what do do you mean if you're an app you just woke well up. I'm giving I'm I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's like it it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't so so use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, uh but but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head well. Here Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the so debate podcast podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your host host the man I mean taking your health to a whole new level. Dr Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going we're going well to talk about the seven benefits of taking taking a cold shower. This is really about so something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber I mean for just a very small amount amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe okay three maybe up up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis hormesis like. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're you're so adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create create uh a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This This um this um is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's that's been around for you know eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis analysis uh podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home home stucks official entities. Please well remember to support the release of its books and merchandise merchandise whenever possible feel free like to read along with us. If you have epilepsy epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities so or disorders, we suggest you stick to to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this you know podcast linked linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both um um Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about about the well construction of the story. These opinions these opinions may be different different from yours, but we're not attacking the okay comic just offering suggestions. This This show is not safe for work. And if you're a okay minor we ask that that you wait to listen until you were old enough to you know be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to um the the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be be talking well about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't she don't know know me. You okay you okay don't know me as your own cloud. She might might she might say this for the cloud money like days we could dance for the cloud cloud bitch don't so today we have uh done for sure. He is the big talker. He is he is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing um um show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and so so brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines it's heroines heroines week I mean where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from from history tonight well. We're talking we're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, um but we're actually talking about an athlete named named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that yeah that makes okay sense. Fanny blankerscoon was was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was danny was um a a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned on so the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most most legendary footage Neil well Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the the Apollo 11 moon landing okay was being filmed live from space the ship had had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its um signal back to Earth. This signal was was tape recorded by three different Studios one in California and okay to in Australia when when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return um um to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent they sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to um um you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your your podcast like. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now now anger well can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your your podcast. That means that means so you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, fact, that's what I'm doing right you know now by reading sad I said it before before but you know, we love using incre okay you can hit record start talking talking. It stopped it stopped save the audio. It's very easy to like you know, Trim Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out okay some, you know dead dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you know, I mean if you've always always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor um dot f f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin well the the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in so in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess guess well what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If If you're I mean looking to host your own podcast. This is this is is the easiest free way to get like started this got a Content creation creation tool allows you to record and the podcast okay right from a phone. It's right don't don't even need a computer, but you can uh do it there too. They'll also also help you distribute it which is probably the okay most challenging part, you know know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get you know it right right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other uh uh place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make make you know a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You You need uh to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what what head you know over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored anchored on FM to uh get started. If you're if you're ready to launch your podcast podcast and make it happen. This uh is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien wien amazing amount. You're listening to the uh London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or or um smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val Val said is um your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon Pokemon is ho you know ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how how many different names you know you called ho over the course of the season season because there's been at well least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had had JoJo maybe at one point um now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening you're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast podcast Network okay. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual spiritual teaching and practice okay and guides us on a path of healing transformation an an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I well want to start by sharing a line line from the gemara and Magilla that's very well close to my heart. It's It's based on a mission of that says that if you know you read the megillah megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind well of dozing dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want I want to take a second to to talk about so anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way to make a podcast I mean. Let me let me explain it's free. There's creation creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean podcast right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so it can can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make make money well from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need to make like a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to to take care of I mean we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some um Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos photos and we're going to do some uh fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's Let's just call it a rumor all I mean that and more today on Marvel movie movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news well and interview. We talk moving and and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you uh. Welcome back to the popcorn popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our welcome our movie news. We are coming to so you. Live from from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make it'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about about spiritual and I mean psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from from 3D divide okay D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds well the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that that you're here with me you know today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful like being welcome back to another episode of of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for so being here with me today. I'm really really excited to have you before we um get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most well influential wedding brand brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today so so it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to to I mean yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and and welcome. Honestly, we you know are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we we had a you know break up our waffle and today's episode very very interesting. We're talking about how to okay plan a wedding when you have children of of your own. We're actually going to cover you know off planning a wedding when you've you've got small children and a some elements of planning well a wedding when you're pregnant pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are recording from you know the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of of events that we will share I mean on this podcast intro song says says that that that you're good. It's the intro you know song inches on the addressing. It's It's the intro song intro song We're not in like our basement at our home. Hey, Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome you know. Welcome. Thank you for listening listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your you know week. It's It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so you know but but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are we are this this episode's uh gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into into like the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to I mean mean man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this begin this Thursday, March March 5th uh or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, Friday, March 6th. And like as we go through the spring, there's going to to be a break again after that um first practice, but as we go go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts I mean as as we can. Take a take a relief following practices that are open to the the media how like many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the the Beauties. They're all they're all like full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the the new facility, so we'll have okay an opportunity. We'll have we'll have a much much better vantage point. I think I think we mentioned that last okay podcast well well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her uh practice report out out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your so computer, right? Yeah, actually, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime like will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock shock defeat to Liverpool the end like there invincibles hope and revealing our team's team's the game week 29 joining us so this week for the second time time. This season this season is gold head of news and features I mean Peter Staunton Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team so so since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about you know know 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I uh uh think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I okay okay used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you you okay have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the the problem like there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got we got a little we just just missed you guys well. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted wanted to talk about a uh few things that we've been stumbling upon over the the last few days since the finale and uh couple things we want to talk about before before the reunions show just in I mean case that It gets wild and we we don't want to you know, take up uh too much time in the podcast podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling um with post interviews and insights into into the show. And I and I think now that um they can be open and and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples um out there on the interview circuit circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to well talk about what we found found out since the show and how we feel about okay it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family family I mean of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them like like unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I you know know mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I I mean well and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation conversation to be so had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the the black community I mean. E in the role that played in the type type of singers that you hear, uh you know, you don't really hear like shouters shouters or belters, you know, there's a few um here but every now and again again probably last one is its is it um Fantasia? You can't you can't definitely definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions you know Jennifer Hudson Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't um really hear hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom firecom. Where I mean we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective perspective. Welcome to another installment I mean of Truth and fire the podcast which which picks up or truth and fire you know the block leaves off. I'm your your host vetiver and you can find me so at the ER ite etfe you on on all social media platforms. Have you already I mean given up on on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical you you know approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the the you know course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey journey all of this you know. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things okay about about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor mentor like to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too too often finding that uh person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then then if we do like find them then on the other side of the world world or is too expensive um or they just don't have the time. I've been been mentoring people now for you know over 30 years in a one-on-one basis basis and at the start of this year. I've okay been thinking a lot lot about how I can mentor more people how I can uh help more people people. So I so I have created an online community called the mentorship group here here. You'll be you'll be like able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions sessions. You can ask me um questions anything you like whatever you are in the the world for a fraction of the um cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and well on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and and listening uh to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate rate um and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana okay husband husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be you you know discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want want to okay share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium sium. We really looked at this so as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's who's been learning along with us over you know the past. It'll be 60 plus plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought you know of favorite passage of of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've well learned together, please send us us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp okay group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists um. I'm I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video video that okay we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you if you you like this show, so please do consider leaving us a review or ever get get your podcasts. That so that so would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're you know watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, today, we're looking at the top 10 well real-life spy bungles on the 21st of of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad okay killed a waiter in Lillehammer Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes so so. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack attack. And the like murder was just another blunder by a country attempting attempting to conduct Spy Games uh over the years there have been some egregious Errors Errors By secret agencies and here we have uh 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get get into the list. I uh will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts hosts the you know long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked talked about extension crises, I mean alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom Wisdom and what art so is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me me. I'm so I'm so happy that so you reached out to me Heidi. It's It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been it's been okay many years years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is this is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child child sexual exploitation well in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of of a Bill, you know that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they they married their victims I mean in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government well announced plans for a similar new bill to be be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing like paper. I likes these whirring events in its its calls for the government to address I mean the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly uh weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so so um far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I I made a uh mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about about the meme she I mean put out and about be kind and I notice notice when I listen back to um it that I said be nice. It's not a a big mistake. It's not a big okay difference, but You know my OCD kicked in in and I kind of wanted to set like it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need need we need to I mean do the top 10 that we did for my my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday uh will do it for a week as as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday like. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say I mean somebody just just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat snare drum you know podcast. Today's episode today's episode is part 1 of of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss like five things to avoid when when working on a session for an artist Dan is a um drummer music director engineer engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid you know kit rain rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts Parts well one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County County in part uh. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording recording a drum kit well. He does this all in real time, which is is rare. So you see exactly how he I mean does it with no no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how uh and why why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at well D Richard Bailey Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on like Instagram @ @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name like is Terry deal. My My name my name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you you know you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what what vinho I mean Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like like 495 it's worth well. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me me a really long time to I mean But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's there's no section for it, it's not like you you know can be like, like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if so you know Verde white white wine is green wine. That vinho that vinho Verde is green. Is it the you know know greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman woman alone, which I mean is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My My so guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me me to share um her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so so grateful for so this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story story and forty uh three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This This girl so was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just just so fun to okay be around even to this day. She is she is still full full of life and so so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her her love for people and her love for like Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so so much for joining episode 3 of you know dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm uh uh I'm uh sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know know you know him from these well various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm Norm for is the power okay of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in in a lots of I mean things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait like wait like whose farm with a few Detective Detective Mike clock. And he's and he's a really good actor like. He's a he's he's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey Hey was hey was you know that you're looking at and y'all love this so so much we had to you so know, bring it back and do it again twice twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how how entertaining I mean will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 4:30 movie I mean with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every every day you know on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download download distro TV stir TV well Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you you just have to pick one um. You don't you don't have to have all all your not them all of them, but it I mean helps and you can can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss I mean us as we bring you you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, like this is Marc a Altman Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And well if you're a James James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does well it Better Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty hefty like Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike like Rankin Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a okay okay special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can can follow uh them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you you jumping in with like us to talk some White Sox baseball on the the future Sox podcast. This is going to um be weird for me because I don't don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other you know people. So I'm going going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me uh on the show. And And yeah, and yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right um um now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really really is uh like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big big as it's um turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event event of cork and okay Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be be trying out a live uh broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and and we're going to be going to two okay shows a week instead of one and and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening you're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast podcast where well we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your your I'm your host well Mike summer, and I want to help you buy sell sell and trade your way um into a collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank thank you for joining me well for another episode today. I want to ask you you a question. Do you do you enjoy collecting so cards? No really if the the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life like would be better or or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it uh and honest honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all all I mean went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why so why not not try make well a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one one it's free, which is well great. And as and as creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast okay right from your phone or your computer computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast well for you on Spotify Spotify. I will I will podcast in many other places. So download the like free free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so so we are going uh to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member member Matt um Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is is well episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the the rugby you know league podcast. Fans who fans who are passionate about saying the game played played in more like places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of of chasing kangaroos. I've got I mean a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the the new like website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks so so for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight eight um and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that that was in a bowl well game against Georgia State. This kid this kid is amazing amazing. He has a great story well. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of of the top programs in the well country. I love I love what they have going going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to to make a podcast. Let okay me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow you to record and edit like your podcast right from your phone or computer and and covid distribute your podcast for you know you. So it can be heard on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can uh make money from your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you like need to make make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the well well FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk you know. I'm I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth so means wisdom wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is so not just just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing like Harmony in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by by Luxor technology North America's uh largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an um intense customer focus. They provide provide a top-notch user experience and have a great like selection of pools for you you to mine to from a variety of notable well altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October uh. So be sure to go go and check them out. We are we are incredibly grateful you know that Luxor Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love so it if if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find you know them them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at like Luxor Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast podcast the best you know crypto mining podcast in the history of the world world on today's episode mean I mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We We talk about building communities around I mean proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We We talk a little bit about Prague like pal and mean hash has an epic epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech so into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the so so time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from from I mean birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put put every so day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw saw Peter and um John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That That him as did John like then Peter said look at us. So the man man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New New York City okay in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the the Lincoln Center cat like fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a a sharp decline in wall you know Street's interest in the region and in their defense, defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan uh was mired in Endless deflation every news piece piece on South Korea showed row upon okay row of empty Office Buildings Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch I mean of rice eating eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder um was a bit bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made like when no one else else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it so my fund we we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It well was almost almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff puff and Steph podcast uh back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? staff Hey, how was the I mean weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in okay which was lovely. Sorry Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know I know it is rough being back here okay okay in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on um um Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her her boyfriend uh by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and and they so have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back back to Florida you know. It is full of really really weird people but it also has has Disney and sunshine I mean and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth Macbeth. First of uh all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems seems one and two so of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has has been crowned King um Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has has done something bad to get like the crown. He says he says I fear fear that place the most foully for it. I okay I okay quote still still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls uh bankroll bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend I mean mean. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in in well another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must must he must feel so secure as king to be thus nothing but to to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid so that the wise Banquo is a threat to to his crown saying there is none like but he whose being I do fear Macbeth Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards I mean Sons would be Kings and and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I well well don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't well be be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self like you've reached reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake you know the sleeping sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, uh uh but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart you you know in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just just because she you know has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and and saved her um life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of of living um with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived perceived problems okay and worries going on in our heads could be changed by by embracing. The so simple fact that we all only have one life and that that none of us are so promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all all call home regardless. Of our okay current health status after all would you seriously stay stay in the job you hate or the uh relationship that makes you miserable. If you you truly felt your life could end I mean next year. Hell no, you'd you'd be out doing the things that make you happy so and you certainly wouldn't wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast well. I interview interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you have you thought about views views and like opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor well anchor anchor um is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this this podcast. Anchor gives uh you everything you need in one place for free free and you can easily download it uh onto your mobile device or computer. They have have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record you know and edit so your podcast podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple um podcast Google Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily um make money money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor well well or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's it's um Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So So I'm going to well share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is so Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined I I mean by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today today and as um is typical with my life, we change the plan because because there's this little known so virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and and we thought it was uh incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic topic today if it weren't well you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't isn't that where the clock I mean is Coronavirus is originated. I think that that we need no well, like have you okay been watching United States? I I think I think you weren't tested when you came back um. Nobody's looked at at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, you know I'm I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So you know know today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter newsletter and the topic okay of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure closure. What kind of well interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking thanking me for my work and um telling me how just in a a short period of time. He's in a situation okay where I guess his he's been married married. And he's in the process of getting um a divorce with his wife and apparently apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she well was having an emotional affair with with some other guy apparently. So the so the interesting thing um is he's completely changed changed his approach. He still he still moving forward with the divorce, but the well well interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his well wife wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and and Hospital podcast with I mean only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are are David's Alibi was engaged those things, okay but if man were here episode the first first episode really looking forward to getting some okay contest Soma Soma And it's actually been been a long process a few when I mean we first said it was going going to be like, yeah, let's just start I mean a podcast and four weeks later later. We expect we expect that one is following I mean a few months now now and telling the last year so but interesting how we like actually got go go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device uh right here is is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train okay and without a a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already already you already know the okay world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean mean and nasty place and you know I don't care how tough you are. It It will beat you to your knees and like keep you there permanently. If you let it it you me or nobody is gonna you know hit as hard as life, but it it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how I mean hard you can can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can okay take and keep moving moving forward. That's how that's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you you know you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be um um willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where well you wanna wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And uh that ain't ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and you you know keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's like Ryan Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're and we're I think think timed like it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three okay okay days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be be releasing well things I so for them. It's a it's a week but maybe Monday here here week Monday here. Yeah you yeah you know or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday you know. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and um um shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right right. How's your okay week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is this is the the fifth episode. I believe I mean unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able able to join this week I mean because he is on spring break. He's living it it up in Spain. What up what up Christian so are you doing? But this week week we have three very special guests from Lehigh uh University. Number one, one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown I I mean from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder her murder shocked the the state of Kentucky uh. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her her own bra one um man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really really happened to Betty Gale Brown like that night to hear more episodes like this follow follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or um Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to to the graphic nature of this murder case like listener discretion is advised this episode episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that um some people may find find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On okay an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the the layer um Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June June 6th, 2020 you know in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the the first one to so solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social social engineers and um osint investigators always seemed to have a great story story. Re and you can hear I mean many of those stories through their presentations presentations at the conference, but not every story well can fill a whole presentation and not not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings well us here. This podcast this this podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No like interviews. No slides slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some like may even even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay well well or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views and okay opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This is um the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today today we're looking at you know one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th 20th century. It's a story okay about for men and for women who are locked inside inside this enormous glass dome for like two years just to see what would happen. And And as and as you'd imagine it all went I mean a little bit bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a like bit bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all all you know knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I uh want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming coming to you from well multiple States. Got it got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time time so. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound sound like well you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of of I mean I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio studio yet because I mean we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch watch the Vlog that we I mean posted at by the time you listen to to this a few weeks ago we so found Mice in our basement. So we we had to put our project on hold for a like few while we get rid rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in okay our living room. So So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is I mean definitely the the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? uh Listen? Listen I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB NB and this like episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of of Sabrina I mean season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is sabrina is is Legend and don't forget okay guys stick around for the any because we are are going to go through uh our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of of the episode. So be you know sure to stick around for that. We also have have our contest going on right like now for a chance to win a $50 $50 Amazon gift card and a pop um socket. To enter just written comments on our our iTunes page and you'll be entered so in the draw. We're extending this this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so like we have lots of time as as always to or containing listeners in a brand okay new ones. Thank you for for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and well subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the the episode. Yo, let's yo, let's get into it okay the season finale. What do do you think? It was it was good? It was um really good. They're a couple things things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin Franklin bring well on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey Journey with Bachelor I mean Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women women get eliminated so and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women women tell all like week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This episode this episode okay includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people people may find offensive. We advise well Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass um Lake the California Hells Angels were were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our I mean 30 year old old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland like Charter. He He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what that's what well well he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag flag. It like it like featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and and other well religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order order to reinvent uh religion for myself. Okay story time. I was I was driving driving to visit a friend while I mean listening to to the excellent album hearts of of No Light by shamash, which I so highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in in particular and blew out one of the speakers uh in my car. My current current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead I mean of Music I've had to to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when um it's only coming out of of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because so I'm not the the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure make sure you download the free anchor app or go go to Anchor so dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the the best way okay to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You You can put it out on okay Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect it's it's perfect all my friends use it. It's by so far the best platform I've I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so okay happy I stuck with anchor. So So make sure you sign up with anchor if so you're interested in doing podcast podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's so up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has has okay another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't don't know has uh a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word word for your partner's partner well. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're you're in a relationship uh with your partner. And so you have a metamour and and you want to know this um person. Maybe you want to To be friends friends with them. Maybe you're maybe you're really into kitchen table you know poly, which is is the idea that you can be on such good terms uh with your metamour that that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen like either yours or theirs and and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you maybe you know you want want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner um from time to to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for for today's you know in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all all things travel I mean during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find um out what creative plans he is. Currently Currently he currently has Brewing you may have uh previously known Zach is one of of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives okay who were traveling. And And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to um the podcast podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach so Zach and I actually met met well at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot alot of people these these okay days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot lot of people come so through and sort of asked what we're doing and and get Chapman figure out. You um got a few things in common. And here and here here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in in um a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened opened it. I I mean was reading it through and it said if anyone ever ever comes to you saying so all is well. They're from they're from Satan and and I'm thought thinking you kind of uh have that habit of of of of telling us all is well and your own um words. And so okay okay. So what so what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad you know know angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of okay well-being well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever whatever reason well are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment alignment with you know that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the the well-being so that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's That's always where like you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta lotta gibberish I mean. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm I'm extremely happy to be here you know with you today. And in this episode, I'll I'll just be introducing waking youth. How so did I come up with this idea? idea And what and what waking youth is all uh about so over the summer I was was listening to a lot of podcasts and I mean I was thinking that I really wanted wanted to work and focus on my creativity so and when I started the semester semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was you know also looking for an an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious well and I realized that a lot of of my friends were also feeling like this because um we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting exciting announcement. I wanted well to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic Frolic podcast Network I mean front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and and romance related as you know, I well am both a reader of and author of of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance okay is not necessarily her direct thing is is a super fan of many kinds of well genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care you know. So we're really excited excited to be a part of this community. If you're if you're into romance in well well any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one you you know of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's um um podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does what does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the you know world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most okay notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're We're exploring the most well fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as as Network. We've collected we've collected short clips from okay some of our most popular podcast Originals Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like uh motivation method and Madness Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you well can find find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to like podcasts a a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today uh. We're We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and like like you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you you uh guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 7:00 in um the morning. I don't I don't know what is wrong with with us. We literally we literally literally make I mean the goal every morning morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this like this is some sight. It uh was was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt felt I mean prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do it everyday everyday though. Sometimes eat like we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us us okay again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this this ourselves like in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that that we've been at like this for a year. Well, I think this is like like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe uh that's wrong. We need the fact fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we so do say things things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we awesome, we well correct each each other in the course of the show, but that just has because okay we do do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we are and and like we sit down and and I think most of the time we do catch each each okay other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad okay okay that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got um um me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week you know know late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to to New Orleans um my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was it was was just a lot of stuff like going on and I could have recorded like the the days after but I had so so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go go get my pap. Smear I like have errands to run I was linking with people people that I see in a while. Basically, okay I really didn't have time and then I'm I'm staying in New Orleans and you know my mom house and then my brother's over over here and nephews and it be loud um like I'm finally recording because now I'm I'm finally in my house and no one's you know here right now, which is kind of of rare. So I'm trying to record before so somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and and so my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it it raw okay and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific scientific topics that I mean might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode episode on speakers. Also, uh please note when you have a sample known truth truth because I said being um a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views Views and opinions expressed by I mean our guests. Should there should there be any are not not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's you know weird. It's time to R&R R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips flips and maple dips episode like 86, I believe I can never keep track its its right broker. I was I was right um. Yeah. Boom one for one one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there you know wait for your intro on on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time you know. That's extremely extremely that's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via via Skype in the I mean maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's It's starting to warm up out here. It's well weird. It's like it's raining. So it's it's like almost always cloudy, but you can okay tell it's like this warm muggy muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known um for out here. It's weird. It's It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day so for the the last I think week something like that. Well, it well, it sucks here so well good good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode so includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise we advise advise Extreme Caution you know for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus campus where everyone's gone home for well the holidays the bite of new Frost sits sits in the air and the I mean snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic well architecture. It's fun to have have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your uh Traditions eat junk food food and stay up late late enough that the idea of so a walk to to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like seems like uh a a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line line okay. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs dogs like for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day day at the space amusement you know park is one of my favorite memories of all all of us. And Lee was um like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool cool with that funnel cake. We all know like are you get what you have to to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely so remember that because you're the only only person I know who loves funnel cake more than okay I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down okay okay the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we so go go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial trial where he well was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had had another trial so two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to to come back tomorrow for more so shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna Edna special as always you can like listen free on Spotify or wherever you get get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for okay the main event nearly nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew brew so ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy like like. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few few precious um minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again again and again when you so can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments increments of sleep okay you drag your aching body out of bed as you you ready yourself you scroll through ooh I mean your data stream oh you think I I have a dentist appointment this week as um you dress you ask your smart speaker what what the weather's like the cold programmed voice um responds with the exact percentage chance chance it will rain and the precise temperature so you don't remember exactly what 42 42 degrees feels like but you remember it like was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas okay okay. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and and well I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted targeted Multiplex like waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if now now if you guys are well not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man man the myth the you know legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and and principal investigator for stem Jackson you know Millennium Pain Center. And for for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by uh Medtronic for the research that dr dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of you you know the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator operator like of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic our topic topic is uh all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in in well by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because because he so noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts workouts. I put out so our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you you want to know why uh that is. Is it something that really is better better for cyclists. Is it is it just I mean my style? What is that? that So we're going to break down the science and we're so also going to break break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world um. Sometimes can't can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both well and and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that I I mean it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse well key. And And as you can see, my energy is on such a well different level than it was was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had well got got so many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys well tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today uh and and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on um personal development productivity business business and more listen to them while working out or commuting okay to to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours uh uh. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of of like the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie Laurie and quick well read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah Deborah fine like was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the the class. It was you know when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to to her birthday party that um Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting uh your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get get started. We'll anchor is uh the way to do it. That's actually what we use use to host this podcast like. So if so if you listen to Skinwalker radio that that was made on anchor we just okay download our audio upload it into anchor and and anchor does the rest you so just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes okay Google Stitcher all those places of of people download podcasts and it's easy and best um of All it's free. So go go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile um app on your phone today today. Thanks for thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We so appreciate each and every every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this um without you you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a uh review join join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the the okay pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record like and edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your uh podcast for you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know more you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything so so you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app so or go to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and and welcome to the well speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. We have have we it's called speaking so for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and and Avery. I can't believe I mean you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some um um workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really really struggle to um find the time or if you travel a lot then you need need this plan. Now, I've so just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat repeat again. Been Ogden dot so code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week four-week plan which consists like of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also also get access uh to the audio trainer app. Which has which has all video tutorials tutorials of how to do okay every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might might need a sofa you uh might get a chair up some point, but very very very very minimal equipment and okay stuff that you can find around the the house. And so if you answered yes to I mean any of them questions questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% like off at at the moment. Once again once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here here we like go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just let's just just make this one on. Becoming uh extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take you know a break break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here oh, here we go go uh. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got he's got a new movie out. Hell, Hell, yeah, you know um The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young young child mean my okay grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch watch WWE, so the Can uh always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So So he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile been awhile and and want you know to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind kind of think it's kind of funny um actually to be honest with you, but I'm I'm one of my last Whatever you want to um call it one of my my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before well I went Monk. And a a father to a woman about my age that I met I mean on one of of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites um online dating dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and I I mean we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up uh to to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through I I mean these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of well different people people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the I mean Instagram Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for so so having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to okay okay us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end okay. Oh, no no. Oh no oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Saving Grace so Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode episode is about um it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're We're nearing the beginning of well Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's today's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following that um way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, shit, um you know where else far far away where it takes us months to to create new um merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's it's popping / stores you know / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it it. You guys are well super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L L. We finally got our shit together well. We got that shit together with the help help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank like you. So fucking much. We love you you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's uh so many different types of designs. There There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo okay. Love it. Love it there sticker sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we can we get ours now? You can you can get yours go. Okay, and okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland vigeland like the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going going to like explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team team can stay ahead of like the curve the first episode of the think with Google Google podcast drops on March 5th. You uh you uh can listen on Spotify or or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma from Yuma is reply all okay and and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a like like story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details okay okay of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having having hard time well with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just okay like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good okay okay stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk so so to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire extraordinaire and you know also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage. I'm I mean on the first amount of often the focus. Thank Thank you very much for having me well alone. We were just discussing how this is is a test of your own medicine like because you run around the world throwing my my Mike's in front of people and go so on. Give us a call call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be I mean somebody that answers answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it um my my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this you you know morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do do you have so to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from from the house. So I well was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day Day events, and I was you know on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm I'm here to uh tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are are listening to the um guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out out there who okay is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your your voice heard out like there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's literally the easiest way um to make a podcast. So let me explain explain it's free. There's Creation there's Creation like tools that allow you to record and and edit your podcast from your phone or your um computer anchor will also distribute your your podcast for you. So you so you can I mean be heard on Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can um make money like I'm not even pushing pushing you could really make money from your uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's I I mean guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the the gradient you know a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies agencies and on the brand I mean side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also Also working on a masters at you know Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then so worked as a journalist journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months okay ago and we'll be be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a so couple highlights highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the I mean gradient gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey Hey just jokes I mean listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take take a moment to well thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any any Kurds easiest way so to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't it's it's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it so. There's a creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so phone phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you so so can be heard. On Spotify on Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make make money like from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make make uh a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or or go um to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that that works. That was that was okay good cool. I started I started I I started I don't give a fuck. I started I started sit uh the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a a victory victory uh. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the the dark side Has Fallen Begun well the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to to the last missions. This is a okay doing talking and Friends of the force. A A podcast series chronicling the final season of you know Star Wars the Clone Wars on on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast cast very very excited so. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've got one of the the finest ocean paddlers so in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome welcome today the reigning I mean Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the the best foilers in the world. He uh does a bit of everything. But the but the the reason we wanted to chat with him today is uh not just because he's a a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things so off the water over over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate I mean. Yeah, Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In you know know the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 12 towers you know are good. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking looking not so good about seven I mean days ago and the forecast is swung swung around and they grinding going to um be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to welcome to the lamina lamina and podcast. My name is I mean AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We so we so have AC AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because uh this this is going to be take two because we so I was sick two um weeks weeks ago. I was I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then then so and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have have you know that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing um it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The so so men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the the I mean banks of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long long day of you know traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an an intruder was so in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear bear came into um Camp lured by bison meat that had been hung hung up to dry. If it okay decided it wanted to snack on some humans humans. There would be no stopping it unaware I mean of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let let you guys know that I mean our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's okay the easiest way to make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation well tools that allow you to record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so. I'm doing I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry Sorry you know your podcast for you. So it so it can be heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many you know more you can make money from your your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you you need to make podcast in one place download I mean the free anchor app or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now so back to the show show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting well you with with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year year like did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast I I mean where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your you you know hardscaping business in this week. We are we are going to be tackling a marketing marketing week I mean. That means every day this week. You are you are likely going to get get an episode okay based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of of value come and I mean actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison Morrison. Mark is actually okay a longtime friend of mine. He works he works for Intrigue Intrigue media and he's here to talk with like us about acquiring the right type type of Clients for your business not just you know any clients, but the best clients clients into your business. How do I identify them and how so to get them them into your business as leads and where to take it from um there? So an an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without so without so further Ado Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He uh uh is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for for businesses so in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you if you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to so so make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute your okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts and many other I mean platforms. You can make money from your your podcast with no minimum and our listenership okay is everything you need to make a podcast in one place place. Base download the you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f m-- to get like started. Welcome to welcome to the node or a podcast is your your host young row row I mean the mayor holler at a player but I I got all scheduled for today. Is this I mean what is this? I don't don't I don't have really have a topic. I just I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast um. So a big question that I get either via email or over on on our I mean YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with with their online store so and they want to know what they actually have to to get done prior like to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside outside of okay how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to to get traffic all um that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll like I'll like post a link to that in in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but so once you know all all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the well business then the the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you you you know make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier supplier before you get um your first sale? So I so I want to cover a a business checklist in this I mean podcast go over a couple different options options you have and then let you know what I mean I do and what what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a a bad human being well. I hope I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you you were doing. I did two I mean very much so good. Yes good. I I was a safari I wasn't so hi like everyone. We are back with our good good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi so Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable like break. Yep. Yeah currently in the the midst of a sizable brick good or because you know you had quite a sizable sizable 2D. Yeah. It was it was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during you you know our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor anchor well is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for for you. So so if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor anchor now uh. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you you can use to create like and record and edit. Build your podcast right on on your phone or your well computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I I don't have to track down apple so and Spotify and Google anything it it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of I mean click the button button and it goes all by itself. You can make money so from these podcasts podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad like that I've written written for them so that I can make a little bit of I mean mean money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th 88th episode okay of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is today is is the weekend preview show um. We are going to talk about a boatload boatload of La Crosse. We're going we're going to talk so Villanova at Penn Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver um at Notre Dame Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland um um. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to well well sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like like well subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can can get yourself so some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building building on so that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sponsor sideline swap uh best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse Crosse gear hard to find well college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally literally named you know it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey Hey everybody. Welcome back to Anam uh a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my my words because Nick was okay saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome welcome anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast okay. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a you know this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the the caste. So like I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning tuning in. We just need well tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so so What is this podcast about okay well, let me tell you as you you can. See the see the name is conspiracy a you know and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm going um to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk let's talk talk about a statement from Brandi Love I mean about her and her her husband's relationship relationship whether it's an open relationship with that okay. I don't know how it will have have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and I mean first before we get get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it so this this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you um to to make your own podcast. It's fun it's fun and it's free. It's free to download is is free I mean to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not not record it and so make money while you're doing it. There are there are creation creation tools that allow you okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone or your computer okay. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica Erica and Shay uh. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk talk about before we talk so about like life. So last episode we both talked about about how we were um reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question question is no spoilers. We don't I mean have to say anything in case you haven't haven't read but we totally recommend it um Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Nick Lachey or John Mayer after um reading Jessica's back home - if I were were John Mayer, I would be well under a rock right now. I even went to to his Instagram account. I like I like don't follow him just to to see if people were commenting. That's like that's like the rabbit I mean hole. I I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad I mean mean. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back we're back with the pop out out was podcast. I'm here I'm here with um Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think uh you guys will think so, so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center you know and I can't wait for for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah like from Summer House House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me well feels like like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird I mean. I'm I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much much I mean for coming. I like I like being here for many reasons, but but first of all because I feel okay like you're what I would be if I moved moved to LA like you're okay an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if if I stop being uh such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my my son. I see I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for so for for this episode This okay is actually going to be the heroes for Life show show that we do once you know a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So So I'm so I'm just about to go live okay with him right now. And this and and this is what you're going to be hearing. So if um you missed the the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here so so here we um go. There he is now in so we're going to be able able to get started I mean in just a few seconds invited them to I not not connecting and there is what's like up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes well up up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month month. So I mean yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly certainly. Anyway so Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion discussion at all you know previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background background long premium Leisure corplan I mean corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna I Wanna Be clas oil oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr dr. Brian McDonough well. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in in the United States the uh death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We We know that those cases so are based in Washington state at a nursing nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The um number of infections in the United States States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're okay scattered across 15. It's with 27 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned okay that states getting hit very hard, hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home like outbreak apparently seated the first first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had you know visited the Washington Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah Yeah okay. Yeah. Yeah the yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things things. You know, no rush um. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go go. Talk about some things today uh we go get into it. And And basically we go talk about the system the system that's I mean running running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter well truth truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of of like people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't Don't die don't die well dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into into what I know about like. You know you know what I mean? We gonna gonna talk about that. Also, it's also, it's stuff that I um get into into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk talk club um with Hunter all conus. And today and today we're joined with McKay Bryson Bryson who is actually well talk about but let's just say what he contributed to to this podcast. Oh, yes, uh he came up with that. He came up up with a word awkward in our uh acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, um Bryson, and I'm a junior here at at BYU and I am studying I'm studying um Information Systems, which is is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah um the Homeland, Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia LaGuardia Airport with an well air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other other pilots and stewardesses as um he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his his security badge um. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly warmly by all the flight Personnel. He well encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines Airlines and requested a flight to Miami I mean. This wasn't unusual. It was it was a a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to um all Pilots regardless of of what company they worked for after a quick look at like his PanAm ID card and and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard like the next available available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and um gentlemen gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, you know Lanka Lanka Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on uh uh her career. Everyone and everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run run by fans so for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show show. As always. We're going um to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the the ATP and WTA tours and well having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor um Aldo Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas Texas I mean in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Professor well Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that that I like named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to to cover some topics rarely I mean taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do I mean Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules rules tradition and respect just to name a few so join me each week as as I dive into these topics and much more now you know stay tuned for the the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is this is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business business needs so Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought thought provoking conversations with business I mean and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower empower motivate and inspire you to take I mean your business to the next level. Hey, Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited you know to share today's today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa you know know teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she she works you know on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to to commercials and etcetera um. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and and all of those things. She's you know a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys well well. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before before uh this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of of this um podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started started this okay podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking talking about random well stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title title. But then uh as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to to figure out well what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you you know notice a lot of you know the things that we covered from from the past few episode is about mental health um growing up and things we deal deal with as a teenager or as a young adult well. So with that said the the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up um. I finally I finally figure figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So well so well basically growing up up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast I mean and basically having them them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening you're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of of the upper uh decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm I'm your boy Brett I mean and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So So we've so we've got a little um bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're we're going to get into our AL East and like at least predictions and and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big okay news that I've seen seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let Let you let you know me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at at him. He's there on the floor you know and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully hopefully going to let me do I mean this because he doesn't usually we'll see but but in this episode I am going to talk you know about why we decided to to buy an old house some of the questions that I you know get get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to so so look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then then make well sure to stay all the way to the end because I just just started I mean a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing doing it where I mean I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is is Lisa mom of six like and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on on Boone join me as um I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic uh of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life life. This uh is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality reality is well you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going going to feel I mean like things are going to work out in your favor. You're You're not always going to well feel like you're doing the right thing someday is is going to be really okay great and you're going to be full of passion and and feel inspired. And other so days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working working uh out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping chirping in like your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've you've embarked on or uh that business you want to build or that career you you want to have is just like unrealistic for you. So I've so I've I've got an email here from a guy who knows I mean what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985 1985 so. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and and like I mean we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have have a very high bar okay on the show. And this is the first show that that we are doing in the greatest uh month that we have on the calendar calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal I mean of this show show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage uh that he or she she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of of uh transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had had in so our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great okay okay words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought uh uh me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a a motto and uh mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also also known as so her a team and I wonder with all those a a names do you you know get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She um is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading reading walking on the beach coffee so with Friends shopping making fun memories with her her family currently, she and her husband uh served as executive pastors for South Bay Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she however, she feels um her greatest: is is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm I'm here um with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How How are you know you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like like just chilling in um your room or you really sad about it or what's what's going on? Your first love is always like I mean you never forget your your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and and together okay. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full life's full of tough tough choices in it uh. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't we we haven't discussed the subject of payment, but um I don't have I'm not asking asking much just a token really a trifle what you know I want from you is is your voice. So without my voice, how can I I mean have your your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are okay friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here I mean mean with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming coming from so San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today today and feeling so excited to share I mean with you guys some of some some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true you know. So to me, that's right right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah uh. Yeah, so, all all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a you know minute. Yeah, so so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do how do do so we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're we're going um to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I like would would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go go um to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So So I mean easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy easy. If uh I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I I need I mean to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice voice in it and just well click post and anchor will do all the job for me me. It will publish okay it in all the major podcast sides. You know know apps that are available and I mean I do not need to do do anything else. So this is just too awesome uh guys. You also need to make use use of it. If you have a message if I mean you have some come content, which which you feel that needs to reach out to the okay world or simply want want to post something make sure you use this mascara um namaskaram everyone. Welcome to to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted uh my uncle uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy you you know this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share share it so on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, two, if it's uh Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if also if you're listening to us us on iTunes, I um would love you to leave a review and I can't can't wait to see what you uh think of it. Welcome to welcome to episode 7 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is you know with the lovely Danny Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect those well of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions opinions of the guests like and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the the regular program the management and I mean the network. Balala power. I'm programming I'm programming programming is like a landline and strict on but you know no by at go by by in a module on barring my muscle cell like and Emma lingua Terra Hassan Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps keeps Runners okay running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running running for a few years uh now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners Runners on my travels all well across the country. This podcast is intended to to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back well. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining well today. It's a it's a pleasure to talk talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's okay start with let's start with an intro intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I oh, I am an I mean athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here you're here because you know something. What What you okay know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your your entire life um. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are we are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we I mean have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my my like best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of of them - yeah, you know so we want to talk to them because they are the the key ingredients to this so major event coming up in April April April. Sorry Sorry wait. The 20th the 20th April 26th 2020 um the bear Barrel 5K fundraise fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically well basically well like a whole weekend weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your it's your your boy Deluxe well 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a a special guest from way back so in the day. So stay tuned with us us and find out who it is. All right. So our so our I mean mean special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? well How are are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's it's been you know it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like like nine years uh. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on on you every um once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff stuff like so that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far far as playing uh and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been it's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always you you know amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting um um skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you like out. I've I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome um. We We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just just well watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got got hero pools okay now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do do I was okay listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not not so that bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during during the uh podcast when I saw you live say I did not that that bad. But what but what I'm doing is like I'm trying to dig into into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so okay happy about it. Yeah hiring hiring yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the I mean worst worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would we would like to introduce A New Concept here is we we are visiting together I mean on this leading-edge experience by saying to you you that you really are the creator of okay your own reality and it would would be fair to say to you blessed okay beans that you are you are in in the process of creating most of you I mean two realities contrast is causing causing you to expand and add to the reality of the I mean greater Source. In other other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as I mean the eternal eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process okay of creating creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and and I mean we want those realities to merge and the only way that that those realities can like merge is for you to come with us in in other words because we're not like going with you. We are not going going to complain with you about the injustices you know of your world because we we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode like includes includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme uh uh Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching searching through so her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she she heard her so phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Michelle Carter you know asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other other girl very well you know. They had they had just started volunteering together at at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd you know hardly spoken but but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling telling well her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that that would um be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to well well the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting reuniting okay here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever forever. It okay has. Hi guys. So good so good to see you guys. Again Nate Nate would and well Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap recap show recapping the reunions. Ya um betta is that I don't know, but but it did. It did feel good to have the like family all back together together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and um Vanessa actually talk with the the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and you you know is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner um um any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual uh uh in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting reporting is so based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does does not constitute you know an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any any of their like employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener Listener discretion is advised. Hi, so my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing uh show. Its Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a like heroine heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside uh uh in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic like like women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped helped save you know America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story story that people have you know told about what happened many years ago. In the the 1700s before America was called the United so States the British and Americans were were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot copilot well 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to help you um outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road road. They're smart and so then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to to scape. A chill achill blew you know through the Streets of London 1 August day day in 1802 though the wind so blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was was nothing compared to what was happening indoors you know inside a small dingy house house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South like Kant was locked locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt you know know an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy the Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions questions of um life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful Beautiful. I'm your like host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these these conversations with people of well diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the the world Anew through uh each other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of of certainty you can have uh a yes they did to do to live and to act act but certainty the things most I mean of us believe 40 years ago. However However certain however certain we were about them. We don't we don't uh we're not not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to so you you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? well well Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking fucking pervs. I I mean know I cannot believe you people picked this this podcast podcast to listen to two uh girls and one phone. What the the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's you know G-rated G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why I mean mean or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some um um Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has has been divided well into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk talk about Tim Cohen's like book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim Tim not only claims. The Antichrist I mean is already Among Us. He actually identifies him him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy uh them and thank you for your support support. The night may be long and the okay dark maybe deep but the answers are are there to be found whether it's the normal the you know abnormal or the Paranormal Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our so Guest Tim Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea like like. We're going we're going to be talking about that next. But before before we do just so a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our our YouTube channel yet like and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit hit the Subscribe uh button. There's no there's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day um. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining okay me me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and and pray so this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm I'm okay just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out out of okay it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally Normally. I don't stay I mean home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not not I'm not feeling 100% but I I mean wanted to make sure that that I got on the prayer call before I went so back to bed. So So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate uh uh of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films films Millions have like tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story story. If you enjoy these so episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our our conspiracy theories podcast every so Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial controversial events and possible cover-ups uh follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash uh past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola Ebola I mean with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her her tech gear uh separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and and welcome my well hoodie. And how and how job my body Tomodachi mu J J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat so Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically basically making self. So skilled um kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are there well to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're you're in the right place like. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show show tonight. I'm really excited to you know have Kelly coffee with a she's returning returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes I mean everyone is able to achieve achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, you know and she's following her her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way uh of achieving achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to um have you you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine so. You sound sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live okay okay in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about well 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if like like you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that Madison you know Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link Link in the description and um I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated speculated that Maddie was certainly going to well be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced I mean as next season's leading woman woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie I mean was filming something weeks after production production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has um to be the the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have you know know been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless unless well y'all have other theories. Let me let me know your thoughts down in the the comments below I mean. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily Daily. But if but if you're new well to Clare Crawley, I just did a a deep dive on her earlier today. So check you know that out on this channel channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight so at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife my wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are are getting ready for okay the word of God and it is my honor to to introduce our next I mean speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine and the mother to so Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian Brian. At the church a pastor so in suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole well committee. She serves on the committee. That That would that would be quite a chore. She like she like speaks internationally for ladies conferences conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's well well he's well a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on on this podcast, um we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before curricula before before most notably the Australian so curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode that's episode 22 and and that's our most downloaded episode to uh date. We also talked to Obey about the the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan I mean with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people uh who listen to our our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas okay of the world. So So we're going to keep finding people who know them so well to explain them on the the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons so so and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is like like a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be be talking uh about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're we're uh not answering lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been okay okay selected for any of them. So send so send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll We'll you know do it next time but before all that Ali are you you games this week? like So since the first time since we started playing doing this this podcast, I I mean didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, you haven't been uh there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I I played a lot of blood-borne um and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit you know your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you um. So it can be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money so from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast well well in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to to um get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on on health and wellness so a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Pain Management physician with I mean additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape with Ford okay copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built built to help you you know outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out out on the road. They're smart and um then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 uh on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa okay Rosa. California was raped strangled and and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night one night you know. Kim was the the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known so so as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my um um Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also also so Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house house. I'm so pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the the so other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there uh uh something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe like like it or not? Because they because they always write a five or six or or seven page Arturo okay whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you you drink, you know know, like you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So So I so I have a text in front um of me. So hopefully hopefully so hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote okay me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little like bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best best um things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make you know know a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record record and edit like your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as as easy as so that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to so get started check it out. It's going to to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title you know of this podcast to sick parvis parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will like be sitting down with people's to to talk about their story and their successes. It well doesn't mean you have to to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be I mean some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our our website at uh www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask ask you how okay many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can Can I see your uh hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how you how you know about those who do do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything uh is now now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it okay to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to okay okay introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name my name is Andre. You're listening to this this. You already I mean know who I am. I'm in the car car with Logan. So guys, how's it you know going? Okay, so okay, so Logan's my my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the so rest rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the the so only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to to back to Abilene for alumni so weekend Don't ask either of us why we had had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah uh. I don't know why we going going. All right guys before we jump into this episode okay. I'm going to tell you you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of you know Banker. It's literally the the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need like is in one place. There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a it's a Brielle fancy fancy seeing you know you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to to talk about so polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm like Corey. I I don't really know what to say about myself, myself, but I guess like I go to school with a Brielle. That's how we met met and I study so social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as as polyamorous and I mean I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe describe polyamory? So I mean to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you I I mean want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I I reported that Madison Pruitt so with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production crew Link in the description and so I along with almost all of of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going like to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well Well that well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as so next next season's leading woman. So let so let me get this straight. Maddie was maddie was was filming something um weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to to be like the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would would have been so filming this is unconfirmed. But as but as of right now now I see no other explanation unless so y'all have other theories. Let me me know your thoughts down in the comments below so. That's all I've got for for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new you know to Clare Crawley, I I just did a deep dive on her earlier today uh. So check that out out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after okay show live live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just just uh like I don't know what it is. Like the like the power of of music is a real real so thing. You know, who loves music music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot like of the three babies we we have he is the one he is the one that uh loves music so so much he will walk by the what is that and home pod? And you know know he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it it. It'll play you know he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved he loved loved music so much to the point like where if he can't touch it it like he will start screaming until he does the okay reason why we're talking about about this as like, I was kind of in like um a are we we going? Yeah, we're yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this you know know podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So So yeah so. I'm a little peeved right now. We just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye um um open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are are once again you know calling in because we will not we can't see each each other at the moment I mean. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us us have ever starting order against the I mean other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male male. Hello uh. We're here. We're here we're here today talking to each other other to discuss are both of ours so top to worst sports injuries and Jacob Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he uh plays hockey and baseball baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and well hockey I I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? um All right right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first like injury from way way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and well this this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and and I'm okay Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you you could just keep well doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart heart come chat with I mean us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get get started. Hi Jenna. Hi like Beth. So good to see you my friend friend. It's been too long. Tell um me about it since last week when we recorded recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to so introduce sister on used to say say welcome sister. Thank you thank you so much Beth. It's well a delight to to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for uh me. I'm just thrilled thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland I mean sisters. She just raving about about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her I mean best friend category. Probably Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading faster than uh the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and and Anthony Davis are spreading well all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if if like it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We We just okay discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern modern spirituality with like your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place place where people wanting to discover I mean more about spirituality where we can get weird weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New um Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will okay be just me rambling about my mystical experiences experiences and new discoveries. In other well shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives Perspectives and Views. I hope I hope you'll so join me on this journey as as we discuss in open up about what spirituality so in today's world really looks like like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you I mean mean don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses uh. If you you if you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to uh uh close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 okay strategies strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back back in I mean search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price price point taking well you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This This is this is Sean Rocky I mean GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how how to get get you more okay bookings. Welcome back are being the family these these eight strategies will get you I mean more bookings and I'm going to order them them and level of difficulty / a level well of commitment or permanence. Some of of these are going to be super simple um to implement. They're just going to be be a couple of small changes. Some um of them will require some deep thought thought some might even require a little bit of so investment and this will really really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this um um episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people people may I mean find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old 18 18 year-old Lisa Connolly like was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her her to uh this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained complained to uh the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's Jeff's um eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa Lisa rolled like her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is like like not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself so. He He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis uh. I don't don't I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a it's a little little too like hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be us be be more yes, this is part 1 of uh 2 of a special extended edition episode episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to like Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi Kedi. The my the my name is Father Andrew Strobel you know. This is not not a podcast about cats. It is it is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's let's well begin in the name of the father and the son and the the holy spirit. Amen okay. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray pray for Hope is the like theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and and eternal life as well our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying relying not on our own okay strength, but on the help of the grace of the the Holy Spirit, So with hope we well strive for Holiness we strive to become become a saint as something which is possible but well not yet guaranteed. And there and there there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and I mean active active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you like like haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let let so me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to to do uh there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from your like phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor anchor you know will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on on Spotify Apple like podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from from your podcast with no minimum like listenership. It's everything it's everything you need need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve so so church. And this and this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you you for joining us today like. I prayed this word increases your faith and and inspires you to go closer in I mean your relationship with God through Christ. Jesus Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't like go I can't go with this one. Can you you is it possible? I know I know like maybe stretching it here. Is it it possible for you to give me the scripture? so I so I just quoted quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish you know this series the the series next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do so this. I I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's my name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing marketing manager audio experience well. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and and which I I mean really really loved doing a training doing a live doing doing a podcast on the first so of the month because I think it's a whole whole new opportunity. Thank the thank the Lord well you are here. There are so many many people that didn't see out last month and you've um got to be grateful that you you are here you are present you are like able to make some changes this this month if you weren't happy with last month and okay you can make make a difference and I want you to see that as something well Really really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because okay sometimes we just take things things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find you know out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am am. Hello. Good. Yeah so. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting setting which like you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good good well. And this week? We have we have Holly and Sophie from from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are um you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy busy lots to talk you know about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are are in our new home. So um first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles well well Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The um summer summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to welcome welcome to killer knowledge I mean a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time time to learn okay some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We We cover a new topic like like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent violent Mobsters like John Gotti who I mean gunned their way to the top and and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety um this week. We're looking back at at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again once again to the project e podcast podcast. My uh my uh name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the the things that I wanted like to do when I started this podcast is explore topics topics that I am interested in okay and I want to learn more about and and one of those things is so Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How How do how do you get the necessary okay licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And And what and what are some of the things that um somebody who wants wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which like is why I've I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created so nine seven one one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the so Middle East East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some okay okay of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas Thomas will learn from uh stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured measured life with less cussing you know unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host um Seth Thomas today joining me old old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe you know Hancock. Just glad just glad glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes you know with age. Not Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't I don't know who said uh that I heard heard it in the song one time. I think I think Bobby Joe and I I have uh been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is this is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin in well the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit spirit. Amen was uh called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think think the most exhilarating well truth is that before the world was created God already had you you and so I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of of history that um no other person can or ever will take we were designed designed for this role and uh only we can fulfill it and if we don't don't no one will Father favor I mean and his spiritual conferences rights. No two two no two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in well US eternally, it was was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce introduce well to you the love below. This is this is our new podcast. It's It's an idea that we had okay talked about in the past and we're just wanting wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah, uh yeah, uh now we're bringing his his baby to the world. So here we are welcome to your well first episode episode of the love the law. So we so we kind of just want to like like talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this podcast and and how like we know each other and who we are individually and kind of what what we um want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction introduction to us. Yeah well. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm I'm so I'm so without further Ado like. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it is it anyway, anyway, I'm Andrew colvard uh. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special special guest one. I think like you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is is in the well house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? well well Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the so good good good good. Now you now you called me you have a little bit bit of a gripe um about the results of the presidential draft. So we're so we're we're just going to get okay right into it. What's your what's your what's the deal here? Now, look now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival well selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade grade you know 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've we've you know currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites favorites or evil um our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and and then we've got mr uh. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I I believe he's going the article samcro like. To one for he later won. But But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by um Willie Mullins easy easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons okay 16 and so so on so forth. I think it's not really a I mean race. I've I've looked I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse horse okay to the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably probably so safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the the like TV talk now. We were we were off last week. Really do your technical technical difficulties? um So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us us up saying where okay is the after show? So we figured on the week off? off We're not actually uh having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so so much fun. We'll well catch up. Have a good night. So what's so what's up up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast podcast of you know the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words words Natalie deleted all you know the footage for the first one. It was was it was an accident. I didn't know how to um work anchor the app. It It was it was an accident. I thought I was just um editing the video cuz cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the well trash can which deletes deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past you know. We Yeah, Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is this is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just just can't figure well out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me me give okay you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir I stir awesome great great if you're wondering like why you never heard my name before it's because you you haven't because I in uh no way shape or form in any. Any Any circle of any group of people and uh popular I'm not famous. I'm just your your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your I mean run-of-the-mill average high school 16 16 year old girl. Just try just try to figure out life like. Yeah. This This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's okay the the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got just got to get up and tell the devil who you are are. You gotta tell okay that devil who you are today. I woke I woke woke up and I told the devil who I mean I am in Christ. I am am complete in him who is the so head of all principality and power. I I am alive in Christ. I am free from so the law of sin and death death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come you know near me. I I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I I mean Am Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing so with with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God God uh that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that well well is in the world. I have I have received the power of the Holy Holy Spirit okay. I have put up the old and put on the new I I have been uh given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my my God I mean shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all the okay shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple couple weeks. This will not be I mean one of those. This is going to be be a nice long discussion because we're so going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means means it's probably To be more you know than one episode at least two episodes episodes for us to get through all this chemicals okay. Like how like how you doing? doing Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited uh that. We got got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and like compare compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm like like doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here here to tell well everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius Julius. Rosenberg's okay Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years years after um the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of of debate. Welcome to like today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson Richardson. And today and today I'm covering um the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US so were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime um of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This This you this you know podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this this show. I do a few um things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping shaping your behavior. I interview authors so of books. I enjoy and from time to time time. I devote episodes to answering your so questions. If you want to ask me a a question visit the podcast page on iTunes like go to ratings and and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I so promise to to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask ask you know me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can can always visit me at okay near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks sticks by Janet Choi for near so and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod like like. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than than well you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think uh they have have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying copying their I mean competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's Here's a Hint it rhymes um. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital digital marketing. So you've done what a so good digital marketer does and set up all all your analytics your reporting and your like pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the the social platforms like Facebook and um everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way so more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we you know know unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome Chrome OS so that okay you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes changes and devices. This I mean episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to to create a podcast well. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it it. And anchor is so exactly that they give you everything you need in one place place for free and you I mean can use it from your computer or your your phone. There are a couple things we like really like about anchor they have some some creation tools that allow you to record and I mean edit your podcast. They'll distribute distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere well and and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no uh minimum listenership listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your okay very very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up what's up everybody and welcome.
A warning awarning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against against children I mean. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note note. The Story uh You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any any single myth I mean about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Greek Legends stories and well lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke broke over the misogi OC gentle okay waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach beach at the water's edge a child named many so pests dried himself his morning swim swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before like today's boring studies studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got got Andy okay on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? you I'm you I'm you know good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay okay the last couple of days you know my back was much better. But now it's really bad bad again might have been because well I try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks knocks. That's not a smart idea. I well mean are you I didn't even do that that before I hurt my back you're as like you see you're one of these these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to okay treat legs. Yeah. Well I've I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've well I've well definitely not not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the well same thing, thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So uh uh fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you you well don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our our I mean I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we we have a special I mean guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So So kale. What's your what's your Vibe uh right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your your Vibe? I'm just I'm just like chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a a long day at work. Now like. I'm gonna I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here here with the legendary. Dairy future dairy future I mean and Bay. Yeah. So With the the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former Former. British. Pop star uh. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in in Vietnam. Welcome to so today and True Crime app are cast original due to the the graphic nature of today's I mean crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution Caution for children under 13. Today well. We're covering we're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter Glitter. Then 61 then 61 years old who was found I mean guilty of initiating inappropriate inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go so back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time time um what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and and if you know you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of well the new year in Spring and spring is is coming up. Can you believe winter okay is almost over? You know, it's it's funny because winter I was just writing this you know in my journal winter is is always that period of deep transformation for me uh of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host host Jonathan Brown I mean and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh Josh character. He's the so president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South South University of South Carolina you know amongst a lot of things. Would you like to to tell us some of those you know other things too when shots were characters characters character character my bad, I guess like but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your your host well Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want want okay to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus plus in Chapter okay 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives uh operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit so so about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and edit well your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute distribute your podcast well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple podcast and many more well you can make money from your podcast with no no minimum listenership. It's everything you well need to make a podcast in one place. Download Download the free anchor up or go to Anchor uh FM to get started. Welcome back back. It is episode or of the game so chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme like Court Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City City well bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the the um Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's well well go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Richard okay Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was he was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution Caution well is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest Forest ranger so Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a a ridge okay above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun sun was obscured uh by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of of an effort to like combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains so for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly newly formed US Forest Service like had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, fires, they were overworked and uh understaffed. But many but many members of the service still still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski so worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those uh uh of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions um of of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the okay regular regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and and like strict on but no by at go by in a module on on my adding my I mean messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something you know know to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break break okay that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor um um has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and so Publishing. They They do all the work for you. It's the it's the only opt out there there like that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test Test platforms you know. So what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how how Jesus after so healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets gets up and uh he goes to the mountain to pray to be be with God to be I mean with the father in prayer. And when you you had gone up to be I mean with the father in prayer, he went went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him so and he says says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I you know know needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They you know know something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the the attitude you know of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being being with God okay the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would would be I mean talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I I would be your well host for the session. So let's so let's get started started. What is programmatic advertising? You so might have heard this term. If not, very very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic so advertising is in automated automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction um efficient and more more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in um one one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for you know know 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence uh American American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going what's going going so on? Everybody Dave everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going going on buddy? so It's so It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS OBS to work pain in the butt well. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live well last night. We have we have have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I um um don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It It so was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your so so Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna let's gonna be more about about everything today. I suppose, you so know critical thinking the word that you heard here here. So many times mentioned in I mean all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean mean that you should after reading an article so go. Hmm But hmm But is is it really true? Can I trust the source? uh I wanted to say Force but but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking um not just critically about the things that you you receive but critically about everything to be able like to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's so let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of of I mean song titles. It is it is the horse hustle and the hustlers hustlers whore. Ah, I mean well give me a better song title than that that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on uh for 2000 album stories from the city stories from from the sea. It's also a I mean number for 31. One out of five hundred hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh uh Adam me Myers, but me me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining okay me on the only podcast that that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the um 500 Greatest Albums down to to one. There are times that I look over this list like to see see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those all those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models models podcaster starting real soon um. I mean I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay gay dry dick a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA I mean mice a gay tickle tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA so. I apologize I apologize apologize if I missed any please write me if I did. Thank you uh for joining joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the apparently the sound was was um a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast okay with with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you like like Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave Dave. Hey I mean them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know know down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, you know know one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park Park I mean. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with with nails exploded you know for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every every day to our March so Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever wherever you get your podcast. July well 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy well in the city was buzzing at Centennial Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed like on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a a podcast about the uh division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond Bond diesel. I do division so stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream stream at twitch.tv slash on well diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word word of you know the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute acute accent mark over the so eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually actually know the meaning of this you know word. Even if you haven't heard it it before that's because it sounds like and is I mean related to a a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it like It's It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the the aspiring uh painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for for someone who okay frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms rooms bars or used bookstores uh. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and welcome to read book club. Today Today. We are discussing so communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie tie. I'm excited to get you know into this work. But first but first of all, all, we'll go through and do our names I mean and pronouns and And we're going going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My so name is Connor I use use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old okay Spider-Man cartoon cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main main well employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really really I mean cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name my name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia so August August 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose they choose and everybody get up up soon. And I'm transgender um. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify well original peasants. They tally they tally the life of of a transgender India's first podcast of um the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back back uh from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy boy Rider, but today's well topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As As always as always this um information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat treat or prevent any condition. It's well for information purposes only and a platform platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from um your Healthcare professional professional. Before making before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because because the uh alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of tv top. Now, let now, let like them Buzz here and happy to be here here. Welcome to welcome to the after Bush show well for 90-day fiance before the the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and uh I would like to introduce you to to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we uh There's a lot so prepare to to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question you know for us later on on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has okay actually hiding hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people I mean are are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham Graham you know with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're so so here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have have okay this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a a very fluid open um conversation and to real you were talking a little bit bit with me about your like body embodiment and I thought This has been a a really great topic for us uh to speak about and so my question for you you just to get right into it because uh I want to leave time for all the the juicy juicy. Understandings is understandings is my question for uh you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here here I mean and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor anchor for I mean our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's It's totally free. Number two okay. There are there are creation tools that allow allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone uh or your computer number three three anchor distributes your podcast for you so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many other platforms number I mean four you can make money from Podcast with no no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need well to make a podcast all in in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we we are bad and I mean Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did did he come from? It's a crossover episode um. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered I mean here today to have an orgy orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast like to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's that's good. That's good. That's good. So uh we're here to talk about atrs the the movie but before we get into Addresses when you know I get this out of of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now uh on the the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like uh share subscribe subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna uh per episode, which is is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from so you guys guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather rather like than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at like like the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything everything um right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know know okay that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are are meant to well be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode today's episode is when did did disability become so okay taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who who is a fitness influencer and okay also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and and how she came to be uh disabled or to have a disability. And also the way way that the World perhaps disables us uh more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were were born with may do which might seem like you know a confusing confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the I mean mean world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those you know know of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring inspiring um to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really I I really hope you um enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to to a well comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to to Bay Wells so vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently podcaster currently sitting in a hotel hotel room in just on the well outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a uh lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a small okay range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed needed by every living cell. If there I mean is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce produce enough energy if blood glucose okay levels are too high. This can this can have have a negative impact on osmosis, well which is the movement of water between cells by by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through uh the pancreas. The body can detect detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose okay if the concentration of of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the I mean hormone insulin insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence um of insulin insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose glucose that uh is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process process continues until the you know pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is this is a bit of a different different episode today so. This is actually an interview that I did with cave cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin so show. So I so I was a a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy well been putting out a a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people so on on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I I mean I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the the first okay half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So So the the audio was I mean spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive disruptive. If you want to follow cave well on his podcast is called the the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle uh is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the the 4th of um March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets markets surged in the morning uh. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with with a rate cut the okay bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would would be starting a new round you know of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets Mets the market expectations and cut the okay cash rates by half a percent percent. Oh for oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the you know right cut cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump okay okay tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have have the Federal Reserve okay Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 50 basis points. This is the you know first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime Sleepytime so podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is is the uh secret today. We have we have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and and then written by. Gene stew I mean Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So So we are back in the mid-2000s you know right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views okay okay or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, you know but but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you so came on on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go okay pootie sensitivity sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in like the podcast podcast. Do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the well producer and and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid well is it it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your your host Pearson Fowler uh and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here here to talk I mean about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, so 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally unequivocally had to have and they did and it uh wasn't the easiest road to victory for for South. Carolina they got up big early and I mean then they squandered almost every every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by uh the second half half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't um Coast because you you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they well were were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in like South South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of so so good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult okay okay subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may it may may not be suitable for so everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make make up something about so sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their their experience unless it's well happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was was made by well activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child child abuse so and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features features social um workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have have myself Joakim at like Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering covering today starts with GDC 2020 has well been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets like by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on on Fortnight figures by games um industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a a hundred and fifty million series GT LED okay By Andreessen Horowitz now valued valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys like doing? All right can't complain complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through so this one, right? I'm you got got a hard stop so we can sorry so like start with updates and I've I've got three quick updates. First of all got to uh give a shout out to to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare skincare podcast. I'm um Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are we are are talking about what we I like to call okay the great exfoliation debate debate because we've got two different points of view and we're like going to Duke it it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also uh of course do our our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're well going going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like I mean mean exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is that is is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just it's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 15 year old I mean Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle Swindle her family out you know of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par par cast original today. We're covering we're covering the okay abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring um politician with designs on the the Turner family fortune. Let's go let's go back to a um lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My My name is like Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 27 salon, and we uh run UK salon owners today. We're here we're here to give you you a first episode of like Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny funny stories that focus of us have you know heard over the years of working working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are we are so going to bring to to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so uh if you've you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you uh the the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? like like I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones ones um from when I was an assistant. Okay, so okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called three days so later, which if you know us we are the days with with three beautiful boys and this so podcast is our journey that we took to bring bring them home whether through infertility adoption you know and then biologically we're blessed with our our three boys, and this is Journey so I decided uh to do this this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I get a so text message from somebody somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through um infertility or adoption adoption. Do you do you care if I send them your way or I'll like like get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And okay okay this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep keep in mind uh. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology astrology. If you were born uh in a western country, you're probably more familiar with with Western astrology. And so so if you simply Google the difference between Western and and Vedic astrology, there is a so wealth of information on the internet. And so if You You were to nakshatras a way to put I mean it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, ups, but well I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled self-styled bad I mean boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha um. All right. But this story comes from from Lori McKenna me that we all know well Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the so 80s probably also known as as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near I mean the do I I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is is like from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show start brushing on you know the top of your mouth on one side and brush a a little circles around each okay T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you you the story of you know a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm uh Workers be treated fairly by the people. They They work they work for the Laura sweat that grew up in you know California California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father his father worked on a a farm well helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, money, but Dolores you know was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a a school teacher so. Switcher brushing switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not not covet like thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor um anything anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews you know know nevertheless in part. They also they also concern us for they do not not interpret them as referring to unchastity I mean or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden forbidden above they also thought that they had okay kept all those when they they had done or not done. The external um act. Therefore God therefore God God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as so so Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where okay okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to uh the the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in I I mean irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book this book was was written by I mean the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was he was born born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990 well. He is most famously known for for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and you know Matilda. He He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a what a legend now, let's um um talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting waiting in her house like for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal normal night so for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking he's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that you you um guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments comments with the reviews with um everything. Now. This is this is the season finale finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do like a nice classic Creepypasta story to to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone um again and all the the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that um didn't do a a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo like. Again Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've so I've so so been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a a so a good five like months almost or more than five months. I'm not not really sure but I um think I need to take a break. I've been dealing dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi okay everyone. It's It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk we'll talk to mr. Munsch Munsch. Hey you know everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey Hey move dirt that like they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin okay Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings I mean with mr. Munsch Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have have well been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson Stephenson like. That's a that's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, hi guys, guys, silly talk sports here. And we're so back. Once again. We're on myself and and produce a Charla here to steal you um around another episode season 3 episode 4 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday like arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should you should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason you know. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't Don't stop just keep going. Hey like want to give a shout out to all all you listening to the podcast. Thanks uh. We actually we actually have people listen. I I know I know it's crazy. It's we started this um and we were like Hey, we're gonna just just make a thing for ourselves for like Creative outlet and we've actually had a a lot of people we don't know listen okay to it and people reach out out to us and say they've really enjoyed us you know experiencing Elvis things for the the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to um send us us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any uh uh thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to to tell you uh about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's the easiest way okay to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's creation tools that like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your I mean phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can can be heard so on Spotify Apple. Podcast and podcast and many more you can make make money from your podcast with like no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything you need need to make a podcast in one place. Download I mean the free anchor app app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I wanted to I mean take a brief moment today to let you you know about the easiest way possible uh to start your very own podcast. Some Some of the more important aspects are actually having um a service to host and distribute distribute the show as well as software to record each episode so for the longest longest time. I actually I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast um um and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software as I well tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me me everything we need to record uh host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my my computer tablet or cell phone. Not okay only that anchor actually gives gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum okay listenership. If you're serious serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about um using anchor download the anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a a pretty okay interesting topic. We're going we're going to be talking about cheating in bass bass fishing and meters like cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on on fire Patrick. No, it's like / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back back to another live stream you know / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on on the podcast form? I want to I mean thank you. As if as if if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it how's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This This is episode um 48 baby. We're almost we're almost about to hit that that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so you know so blessed to be here here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're so instruments of service to to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's like subject is growth or or Comfort. This is this is one of his favorite subjects. You I mean can't have have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to so get started started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to welcome to episode episode 48 Alex so signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship entrepreneurship at the age okay of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses businesses along uh with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to you you know be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want well well to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope hope you uh enjoy this one. If you if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way way to make podcast uh. It's totally it's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast well right from your phone or computer anchor will will distribute your podcast for you. So you well can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google podcast and many more you so can also make money from your podcast. It's everything everything you need to make a well successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor Anchor FM to get started so at every touch point of you doing business business with your customers give them um 10 times the value that they expect will will comes to mind is my book I mean The Five AM Club. I spent spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote I rewrote you know it it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your like like first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm I'm the I mean lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this this episode was going to be okay about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of of things that happened so this week. So this is going to be a portfolio portfolio update episode. Obviously, we so have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio portfolio to talk about We've um got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we we also have into its seven like billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in you know this podcast for those of limb Bush Bush and do not necessarily reflect I mean the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC SEC registered investment advisor who serves as okay a portfolio manager to private accounts as well well as to mutual fund clients have a okay mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said said um that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that that people um are going to start running after him. But anyway, but anyway, anyway, yeah to that video every so one of us. I don't know. I think think it's in the souls of our DNA. We like believe that there is is this life we can live that that's just a little bit like further than than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live well this this life that is extraordinary. And and and and and so Way we think about this well well as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and and be disciplined enough you know in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that that way of life. Then maybe you know I can get there and be extraordinary extraordinary. It's kind it's kind of its wild into us so it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is uh based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Pentecostal uh Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth youth Ministries to see like you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ Christ through your daily time with him you know. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses well 1 through 3. So all all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried um and the people wept that that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and you know Aaron and and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys know that our okay podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about about anchor it's you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's free. There's creation tools uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right from your phone or uh computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute you know. Sorry your podcast for you. So it so it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many so more you can make money money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, uh evidently, uh I can't talk talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the I mean free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now so back to to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have we have a treat for episode episode 96 you know today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good good old boy from Dayton Ohio a like guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice advice stories on the you know ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor humor and a little bit of okay fun then you may have just found what you're you're looking for. Hi and welcome to well the parenting in the thick of it show show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified you know parent coach known to many many as your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can you know bet bet. I've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll so so be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I well well just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the the so thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone everyone always writes you know after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their their taxes and how well they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And And why didn't somebody um teach them do their taxes what you were taught taught that in school. It's called basic uh math in first grade or 2nd grade. They They taught you how to add and subtract numbers uh. That's how you do do taxes. You line them up in a column you uh add some together, you subtract some some the Part about that is you were taught like how to follow directions directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were well supposed to read read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you well were taught that that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow okay directions and and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It uh uh just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may find offensive okay. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden wooden frame of um the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from from within and echoed okay into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds Leeds was in labor with her okay 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived lived nearby whispered that she was okay a witch. She could barely feed the 12 12 pairs of eyes that watched on um in horror from the corners of the the room. She couldn't provide for another this um labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back welcome back to the Fashion Week Week baby. The you know world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as as I know his uh mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay Okay funny story right I mean last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then then. My mom asked okay me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is is this? Hahaha, so hahaha, so I'm clearly a very okay bad son all all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro um um. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 so so 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the the number you know for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now now. I know it's a you know lot of you who've been listening. I've been been wondering when in this season I'm uh going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting getting ready to you know do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and and had a had a uh thought want to get out of my brain. Working Working on some you know functioning on well fumes these days, but I wanted to get get this out there. Had someone had someone message me I mean on one of my my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted okay to make make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get so into RN school school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was like not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing doing episode 2. First like of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I I didn't do that last time. My well my well name is Adam and and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out so into into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm Andre and with bedre, um um I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself myself an artist like because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about about doing Margot. Robbie so is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but but I uh also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm I'm Jenna I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards cards podcast video series um. It's your it's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in in today. First off okay. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market market and World. It has been I mean it seems like all cards in general have have gone up and a lot of okay the specific cars that I talked talked about last week. All those cards have gone up so significantly. So let let me break through those purrs with you because I think okay that's actually really really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't I I mean you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this this was February you know 27th. Currently the currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter it'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your I'm I'm your uh host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right right now dude, I'm you know so pumped right now here with me. We have a a we have g hi. Hey, like how's it going? Man to back your job job Mateo. Yeah, and he got well Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Imperium Asheville okay played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for for now okay and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a a Terran. I'm I mean a Bailey. I'm playing I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist specialist. I'm John I'm playing I mean Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners uh before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank thank our I mean sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest easiest way to make a um podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money money. That's why we use it. There's well there's well a creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your um phone and computer makes it very simple simple and color distributes your pockets for you well can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything anything else and you can make money from your okay podcast with no minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in so one one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F well well m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet yet. And we definitely just want to you know thank everybody for the support and for for showing us so much love. It was it was really okay appreciated and it motivated us us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is which is okay my insecurities have anxiety anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like what so in the world does not even know know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's so a lot of topics topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot of I mean people kind kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look well compared compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and like insights for the the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ uh of Latter-day Saints Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week week you know. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom my my mom uses to make I mean this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, anger, it's a pretty easy way to so start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they they have a creation tool that so allows you to record and edit your your podcast right from your phone or computer anger okay will also distribute your podcast for you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple uh podcast and many more podcast platforms platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all so in one place. Don't free anchor anchor app or go to a Pratap FM well to get started this week's lesson is is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going going uh through a kemetic meditation. So the so the ideal position for this this meditation is to be like laying down on your back with your legs lengthened lengthened out arms at your sides. You well can also do this in a seated seated position. If you are sitting you want to um make sure that your back back is flat up against your chair or a wall if so you have your your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your like feet Flat Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either um um you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find I I mean your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV TV so top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our our dare you know me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking breaking down season 1 episode 9 um fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of of this season things are um getting so real and we have so much to talk talk about. I'm your host okay Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight tonight to my left uh. We have we have Ashman what's up guys and to to her left. We have a moon like a hello winning in that jean jacket jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm you know excited to do the adding to to my bathroom. You're glad you're glad I guess okay. I'm in well the back back. A monkey amonkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this this so episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you are you you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm um. Amen. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you know know you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so so great uh. I just I just want to let you know that she's one one of the most loving and well complimentary people I've ever met and she's she's absolutely talented and a quick learner okay. Her with anything. I am amazed by her her constantly. So it's so it's like Laura knows uh. My number one. Love language language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also I mean lures the best best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my um section section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it it so real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that that you know real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if like like I don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you you always you know you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to to uh couple things with Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the the so things they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been we've been been getting a uh lot of requests for people to clarify what it is. When When we when we ask I mean the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages Languages So today, we're going to be um talking about Love Languages, what ours are and and why we think they're important. But like but like before we get into it, if if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing okay to it on whatever whatever platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love well hearing your your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How like are are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's okay been been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded um um. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we we did I mean. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but but this little Snippets recorded after you know your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our our guests on a little I mean bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because because of the way that you okay know, this Gus could make it around around but you know, we're recording the I mean intro after we record the actual episode episode. Typically. We like to record the intro I mean this this snippet part part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it so just the way it works. So So usually so usually we recorded before the guest shows up this so last step step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service service okay and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing I I mean your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name name it? like They've like They've got a way to distribute to it on top of of that. They have editing um tools baked right into the website makes life so so much simpler back when I started podcasting I mean. It was an entire entire to do you had to know how to record it where you know to record it it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention I mean they're they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that that you like can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F m-- so to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Studios Network support I mean this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, Studios, you could gain access well to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like I'd like to ask ask um a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I I like have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website well at at the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one you know know of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to so be notified notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would would well really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew Drew okay here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 98 of the podcast okay if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to to arrange a special okay guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't don't know if it's going to I mean work out but I'm trying but that's good good. It's going to be in a couple like of weeks. So I'm going to to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This This is okay fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now now here's so your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of of fun to I mean speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is is producer well Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes well, yes you were sick sick last for the last episode. That's okay right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of of things we recorded it's actually been so a while since we like sat here here to do and episode 2 because we I mean recorded so many episodes in like a a three-day time span and we had a nice um little break in between and and now we have to catch up and record one like like every week or schedule another week week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this I mean show. I love love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world you know know listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a you know lot lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in in I mean session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is is episode I mean two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm so I'm here to to give you the scoop on you know Student Life at Denison University. I have two two new guests writing me this week to like chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to uh introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm um from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east east of Campus. I'm on the exec board so for Outlook our LGBT student group on on campus and I am an admissions uh coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago so. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with I mean mean my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today today is uh Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself myself apricot. It's so hard like for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all all joined us on this journey well. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and and Bounds that your dad and I um could have imagined from the beginning beginning when we set out to do this. Now you know before we go any further further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of um our virtual CM CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is it is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of of your you know personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a a special individual who also like is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is is Alex Sheen and he well is the founder of the nonprofit because I said said I would the mission of the charity is okay to give people the resources and and accountability. They need they need to live with courage and okay honor. I'll I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in I mean the the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises so so are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only only okay when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A A promise so is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something something will certainly happen well in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't really get get surprised. I like guess there was a time. I think it was my my 18th birthday that that I mean I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind kind of got stiffed it out a I mean little bit the day up. But But for but for the most part very few things so surprise me. It is difficult to imagine imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt okay here towards the end of chapter chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse I mean 19 following it says says this and the evening of that first day of the week I mean when the disciples disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews like. Jesus came came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he uh uh said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for so so Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's like like Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when when I mean a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better better return to what I mean we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe maybe a little bit of uh a bit of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of you you know wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am am Massimo pigliucci okay a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I I will okay guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect reflect on Cicero de like finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the the conduct of life and you know knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting okay what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to well well do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability ability to uh carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to to I mean a body of water by healing the water. We also also receive this healing ourselves as okay our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People People who people who are connected with his water I mean will also receive the healing healing. Now. I've been I've been guided to create this meditation like to help people people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the the week this like week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't didn't watch the show, you know but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has has nothing to do with I mean anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know know about it because she just happened to I mean walk in and the very last episode episode. But anyways, I've been watching like Love is Blind within the Pilar alert alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck you know. I'm mad. Anyways, Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past I mean two two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and like like Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled okay okay her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren you know know. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's so a little little he just he's very emotional. He's a he's a very emotional man and but but but he well loves her very much. However today however today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, all right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with with down today uh. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for for the session like of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk talk about the coffee well first and then then let's do a little talk talk about you and well finance and where we are. So I've so I've taken taken here. Thank you for being you know brave enough on a Friday and I've I've got you a an espresso martini with so a difference. So we're in this this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a well bar called Holly house house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of of well your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational inspirational professionals to uh hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing investing with our investment team. Please note so that this podcast is for educational purposes only career career or investment ideas provided well in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by by defect McMaster University the um degroote School of Business or our partners all career career and investment risk is undertaken well by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you so so about the anchor app. If you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the easiest way to so make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, all, it's because it's you know free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools tools that allow you to record so and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer and anchor will well distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Spotify Apple so podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can can make money uh from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything everything you need to well make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor anchor download the anchor app uh or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the the information there for you right uh there. So do it, you know, when you you do the little like clip um or whatever just do talk about that for like like that like mid break part where well you put like an ad. Okay Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you I mean do the thing and then we we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, so whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a a drunken Harry um Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently currently 11. What's your name Charles well and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite favorite childhood book that this so time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We We are reading chapters 5 & so 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name correct name we we discuss. Things that I can't remember at well this moment in time, but it's it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you like should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails cocktails because yeah hell yes make you know the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her that's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is Eric uh. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We We completed the so first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make make you fall so in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going going to take I mean a long time. So we split it up into two two episodes and here so we are back for part 2. All right. So check check out that I mean one first. We give a little bit more context and I I think what we've determined okay is that the questions are getting more and more more intense as they continue their I mean broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh Oh my goodness, like dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I I don't know well like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara Barbara and yeah, it sounds like like bopper and yeah because they're like, you you know mush mush mush mouthing the I mean lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's yeah, yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that um yeah, that's that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is is Tiffany Walling like McGarity. I'm one I'm one of the three founders founders from medical and you our listeners voted Tiffany you know Walling McGarity on Pitch Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch room well isn't an easy easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of well which we've we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound I mean like like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has has okay is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a a big business uh today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all all you have are a uh few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from from gimlet. This is the pitch you know. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with so me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win win and okay seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to to have um you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's yeah, it's it's good to be here you know good to get a win so I can actually record record today. So it's pretty uh good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here here too. It gets it gets lonely uh sometimes but especially after losses. But today today we're glad to be joined by Blake level uh who's the host of of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on okay Twitter at Blake level level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn um fan by by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and okay does a great great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado you know. How How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record so after after a win. What about me? I've got I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions you you know. Yo yo yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? up So this week has I mean been very interesting for me. I also I I also like I've been dealing with some issues one like can say towards in terms terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness so. And And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of like like marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have um um inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit rabbit so hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort sort of so I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be be your well host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink rethink refocus and to well renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate passionate. And the memory verse is taken like from John 7 verse 37. And it says says on the last and greatest day of like the festival Jesus stood and said in in a loud voice let anyone who is you know thirsty come to me and and drink when we view the invitation to come to I mean Jesus Through the the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for Saturday uh mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy puppy and he like likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit bit different. I keep so thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know I know know her story is going to uh resonate with so many of you out there. I I want you to listen. This uh one all the way through. If you don't know know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her um pretty well at the end of this this half hour episode this half hour goes by okay fast. Now. I know know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share like the episode episode people need to hear her story. They need they need to hear about her resiliency resiliency. They uh need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have have taken place I mean in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let please let me me know what you think I mean write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want I want to talk talk to you about I mean anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so so missing out. Anchor is the I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Not only only not only that it's free. There are there are okay creation tools that will will allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh from your phone or your your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your uh podcast for you. So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and so many more. It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one so place, so don't If If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to I mean get get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's so so up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is uh episode episode number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing like this together together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're so having having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope I hope it's it's true for you too. So I so I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, all right, start start like the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro intro. Yeah I mean. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this is is this the show this you know is where in the show now usually might go we we say hello and um introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review so so everything we have a guest today. We're going we're going to introduce him and and let's go. That's you know right there now and now should I play play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast. Let I mean me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation tools that allow you you to record and edit your podcast okay right from your phone or computer anger anger will distribute your podcast for you. So so it can be heard on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know make money from your podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make well a podcast in in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped handicapped so. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome um um back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you you know you all. Whoo. Now the now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the the lovely you know lady back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but but I am back. I'm like glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your your support for listening to all I mean the podcast so far and don't forget forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and uh getting suggestions as far as as what podcast you would guys would like to hear okay what topics you'd like like us to discuss. So we so we are in mind that if you know know you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person person you know right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna just wanna Just Wanna Wanna praise you well. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of um um strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people okay okay come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless you you know hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even uh uh set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to to do so, I mean but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes goes to waste why because well they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of of all, it's okay episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, so so anyway, Mike I'm gonna okay ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a a trick question. Okay. Do you think uh the Earth is flat? No good. I don't don't I don't have to fucking kill you because I uh was looking in the the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you you know fucking doubt. He's He's fairly he's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the well well Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He He said he said okay I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went went off of it like. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as as we could like have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being being a fucking idiot I mean $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like that's that's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl you know know Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you you I mean find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's it's very tricky so to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl girl duties, but it's such so an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses gcses and a-levels. So I um have some days where I meant to be in in three meetings at once which can be you know quite challenging. So I do need to to have ways of getting around that which may involve so meeting up with with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an so EF EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the I mean mean background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab grab a well copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted wanted to thank you um for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week week continue to send uh your love prayers. And if you would like to donate donate to help so them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of of my okay favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people people that were like writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's like a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book book just came out last week so if called on the bright side and it is is excellent. We jumped right in we uh haven't caught up in a little bit and and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is is this is episode 7. I'm a uh to McFadden today. I'm joined with with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very like close friends of mine as as of recent. I met them in college and we're all very like different people people but we get along like great and the thing is what's interesting is we're well well all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the but but the you know thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like like makes our friendship what I mean it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go go ahead and please tell me about you know your background how which like of course Walter Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism so and I grew up very Buddhist very very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, in fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster Foster okay. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't don't know why I well made there be so many words in explaining what what it is, but I think I've explained it like properly in every episode so far. So So in so in season one, we were looking at women who uh who made made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote um misbehaving misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're looking at women okay okay leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
