Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show show show um okay like okay well like uh uh so uh start brushing on the top top top top top top top top top top top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well so like um you know okay too hard. Do we? It's heroines week week week week week week week week week week week and every day will be talking about well uh like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so well um um different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story story story story story story story story story story story of kuti Yoon, one of uh okay so um well um like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was was was was was was was was was was was a um uh you know well I mean uh I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders you you you you you you you you you you you know well um um um like you know I mean um okay called called called called called called called called called called called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real real real real real real real real real real real good form I mean like uh like um okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts shafts. I well like well I mean uh so uh you know like so got got got got got got got got got got got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean so you know um you know well. His name name name name name name name name name name name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is is is is is is is is is is is okay uh I mean okay uh okay like like you know like golf division up true true true true true true true true true true true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so like like um you know um like a lot of product not just just just just just just just just just just just in the Gulf side, but true also has uh well so like um like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay I mean you know what a Baseball division a a a a a a a a a a a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I correct on all all all all all all all all all all all I mean okay okay okay um I mean you know well you know um this this this this this this this this this this this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so we we we we we we we we we we we well well well you know okay um you know well um um were formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and and and and and and and and and and and uh okay okay uh well well you know I mean uh uh then you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are well uh okay um uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know like well Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made made made made made made made made made made made sense for the um okay like well so okay uh so um um parent company recalled to to to to to to to to to to to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars like um um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um so you know okay okay were really just our golf division. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand like so uh okay so so well okay you know I mean nine playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the like uh so um well well well well well well well well well well well like so uh well like podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since since since since since since since since since since since the few years our last um um like I mean um you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh um um Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been been been been been been been been been been been very rare. You're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so uh um um um like like like like like like like like like like like um so um like not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your your your your your your your your your your your career um um I mean um okay okay uh um like well since In In In In In In In In In In In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting down the you know okay okay okay I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today today today today today today today today today today today. We're looking back to I mean well you know you know uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know like April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom. Monica seles was only two I mean I mean like so you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg open you know uh I mean so I mean like I mean well uh like like like like like like like like like like like or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed fan you know um um I mean uh so um okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking you know you know I mean so like you know like I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness special uh okay like um you know um you know um uh like. Listen free free free free free free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals so like like like like like like like like like like like you know so um well you know like uh well of the Hamburg open open open open open open open open open open open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my my my my my my my my my my my snark the I mean uh well like um so uh um I mean well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some well well well well well well well well well well well so so you know you know you know I mean um uh okay reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean um okay um okay uh a little bit. We are going going going going going going going going going going going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know um uh I mean so you know uh well going to to to to to to to to to to to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping them out um okay okay like well um so I mean I mean uh at the moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened like you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh I mean I mean so like so so up the line line line line line line line line line line line. So at so at so at so at so at so at so at so so so so so so so so so so so at so at so at so at any stage, you may get a call from from from from from from from from from from from a listener, even like you know like like you know uh so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean though this isn't life and we must stop what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're doing answer the question and um so okay uh like so like so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept swept swept swept swept swept swept swept swept swept swept that is this I mean so like I mean um um well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean If is this the quad point is this or we getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting cold. I feel like uh um uh you know like okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you you you you you you you you you you you always well uh uh you know well okay well well so you know wanted to to to to to to to to to to to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just well uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean so um okay um I mean smack it down six months because because because because because because because because because because because I it's been nagging us for the so I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean you know you know well last two weeks. Let's get get get get get get get get get get get them a segment on let's get enough signal and you know like okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know okay uh like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured well you know so uh uh so like you know um you know walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay like uh uh um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do do do do do do do do do do do um well I mean okay uh um um I mean uh um nothing for for for for for for for for for for for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a okay um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay you know um well I mean huge advocate of exercise like we never never never never never never never never never never never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's um you know like so like like like like like like like like like like like um okay you know you know so like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a a a a a a a a a a a huge advocate of proper diet. We like okay so like um well uh like like like like like like like like like like like so so feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too too too too too too too too too too too many I mean okay like like I mean you know so uh uh so good. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to okay well well well well well well well well well well well um um um like like you know you know I mean start your dog on Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw e-book on our website that you can buy you know uh um so so like like like like like like like like like like like well so uh okay. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're big on engagement like uh so like well so okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're um um um um um um um um um um um um like um like I mean okay uh like like pet dog trainers. So So So So So So So So So So So as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as as as as as as as as as as as so as so as so as a pet dog trainer most of the the the the the the the the the the the time the um well I mean so like well um you know well like dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must you must you must you must you must you must you must you must must must must must must must must must must must you must you must you must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must must must must must must must must must must must share everything together. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, well you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh um I mean um well go go for a wild wild ride with with with with with with with with with with with the want to see cats, but so well uh I mean uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For For For For For For For For For For For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat okay like uh so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well you know kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas so so so so so so so so so so so okay so uh so um like like uh uh Anthony is someone who is is is is is is is is is is is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh like you know so you know um the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and and and and and and and and and and and forth. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to think okay well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean I mean well uh of topics. I'm gonna from time time time time time time time time time time time to time talk about beating a wife on okay you know okay uh um like like like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean okay Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat my wife. It's because I okay okay you know okay well um well well so so so so so so so so so so so um don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in in in in in in in in in in in I mean you know uh um okay you know okay okay well um a a a a a a a a a a a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this this this this this this this this this this this like uh well um okay like well well um you know pod with water dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just um well well okay okay um like so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on one uh well okay I mean like well you know well okay well. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you how you how you how you you you you you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you how you how you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is is is is is is is is is is is advised this episode you know um okay um I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh so includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We We We like so so uh like like like so uh okay advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for for for for for for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like you know okay like okay I mean good day for for for for for for for for for for for fishing though. The sky the sky the sky the sky the sky the sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky the sky the sky the sky the sky the sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming forthcoming um I mean um okay so like you know um okay um rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich um uh so well uh um um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood stood stood stood stood stood stood stood stood stood stood in well uh you know you know like uh like like you know well the cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze so okay you know you know um um well uh so okay traveled down down down down down down down down down down down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like I mean I mean uh like so uh surface something large large large large large large large large large large large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like okay uh like you know so well you know episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge part okay so um well okay I mean like okay uh so in the human human human human human human human human human human human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to okay like well well well well well well well well well well well um okay so I mean um so like be speaking about how we have evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has so like well like um so so so so so so so so so so so um uh I mean like infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially Especially with in Hollywood. We are I mean I mean well um so well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages so I mean you know okay so so um okay um like. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's where here's where here's where here's where we give our shout out to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor if you have heard about so you know okay so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real real real real real real real real real real real well I mean you know uh like well uh well okay uh quick and and and and and and and and and and and let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that okay well so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean I mean um I mean uh okay allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um uh like so like um like well friends Jay and and and and and and and and and and and Sarah. Yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to to to to to to to to to to to feel better and you know well well you know um I mean uh um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean that are to do right fucking Savage. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is sad, but shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower a podcast like I mean like I mean so so you know okay like like where we we we we we we we we we we we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know well uh so well um so okay Journey of going from said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I so well I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know so um so like like roll around the ideas. We have about relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship to others and relationship to sell uh well so you know you know well so so so so so so so so so so so you know well like for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being being being being being being being being being being being divorced when you kind of um like well I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well have to go through and learn things over again again again again again again again again again again again. It's the world is because so um like well so like okay well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really um well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know well like you know well well the the the the the the the the the the the real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told told told told told told told told told told told well like uh you know okay so um so well you know I have read that that that that that that that that that that that back in the day a massive School of sardines like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know uh I mean uh um underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was was was was was was was was was was was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful like like okay um like like like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh enough together to force a large boat to to to to to to to to to to to stop in its tracks and push it the okay like uh so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh okay other way tile friends. If you want to change for for for for for for for for for for for better in this industry, if you well um well like you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well so like want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more more more more more more more more more more more as a tile you know uh okay I mean you know like I mean I mean uh uh contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Met Met Met Met Met Met Met Met Met Met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met met met met met met met met met met met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast like uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like you know um is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin Patinkin eiu media apps active be active you know well so so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay I mean I mean uh Navajo may be both active but but but but but but but but but but but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question I mean okay um well like like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay well mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a a a a a a a a a a a teacher who showed so you know you know you know uh um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so well a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina before the trial so like um like okay uh okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean well well well you know you know with self-discovery self-development and and and and and and and and and and and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like um you know uh uh um you know you know were a child with interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting people about their careers and their life and their families um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well okay well well you know. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be your your your your your your your your your your your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and and and and and and and and and and and follow well well um so well okay like okay well like me on Instagram at at at at at at at at at at at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and uh so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean you know um I mean well follow as well unplugged artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss um I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um um okay a week Weak don't worry. You You You You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can always come back. So make so make so make make make make make make make make make make make so make so make so make so make so make so make so make make make make make make make make make make make so make sure that you subscribe like like well uh you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so that you shared this video this episode to your friends your your your your your your your your your your your family to anyone okay okay uh you know okay you know so uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more more more more more more more more more more more than happy you know uh like like so you know okay well okay uh to to to to to to to to to to to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um okay um okay I mean um um podcast. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my my my my my my my my my my my hello my hello my hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of of of of of of of of of of of the more, you know like like you know I mean so you know uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to to to to to to to to to to to talk about giving so you know uh uh uh okay like um okay uh up up up up up up up up up up up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I I think I think uh you know um I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh that it's it's where we find peace when we accept accept accept accept accept accept accept accept accept accept accept that. We are imperfect okay well you know like okay like I mean so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Just it's The Human Condition. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want you to know know know know know know know know know know know that every um okay I mean uh okay um okay well you know uh single person person person person person person person person person person person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know well you know okay so uh okay look like like like like like like like like like like like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um you know like okay well that they're really focused on and and and and and and and and and and and really paying a lot of attention to well uh you know you know like um um um um um um um um um um um uh well I mean well but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so I mean well so you know okay podcast. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free like like well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay okay like so like app that allows you to create a a a a a a a a a a a podcast from scratch. All you need is I mean uh uh you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know uh an idea. They've got all the creation tools the the the the the the the the the the the recording the editing and everything you uh okay like I mean um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from um uh okay uh well I mean I mean like I mean uh your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to like so uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay uh uh like Anchor FM to get started. In this in in in in in in in in in in in this in this in this in this in this in this in this in this this this this this this this this this this this in this in this episode we look at very simple things okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well um uh so um I mean you know okay. You can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get get get get get get get get get get get excited well you know I mean you know so uh uh um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay I mean well okay like uh um with only the freshest milk and and and and and and and and and and and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your like well like well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean um so so morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol should be the only subject for debate um okay uh okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay like like well the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been been been been been been been been been been been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection uh so well so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so well. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take take take take take take take take take take take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean well uh um you know well Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and and and and and and and and and and and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank I mean okay I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know well well uh you know uh you note into the fucking Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well like well. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you note. I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at at at at at at at at at at at I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at a hard so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so you know uh I mean okay um disagree. Whatever you say say say say say say say say say say say cuz I love them a lot of this is about well well okay so um um um um um um um um um um um so like I mean so you know my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys do see uh like well okay like well well well um okay Triple do see see see see see see see see see see see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know like like I mean um uh things you want to to to to to to to to to to to tell some stories. You want you want you want you want you want you want you want you you you you you you you you you you you want you want you want you want to crack jokes and okay so uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh um uh okay be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff download anchor podcast to I mean um um um I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh well your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You You You You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can record you know uh you know so like so so so so so so so so so so so like well well well while you're at home. You can record on the the the the the the the the the the the go. Some of some of some of some of some of some of some of of of of of of of of of of of some of some of some of some of you like like uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh well you travel for work and you travel far distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, you can record while on the road okay um okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh okay you don't have to do it at home home home home home home home home home home home and it's easy to use you okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so uh like well like just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads all the platforms that you want to I mean so um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay um use it to and boom. You've got a podcast in in in in in in in in in in in your voices out um okay um I mean uh okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for for for for for for for for well so okay so um like um uh so uh Chompers your morning and night night night night night night night night night night night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um like you know uh you know you know um on on on on on on on on on on on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh like I mean uh you know so like uh you know so about heroic women women women women women women women women women women women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well um I mean I mean okay I mean well so and Annie Sullivan who who who who who who who who who who who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um well like well um well and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than than than than than than than than than than than 100 years ago. Helen was blind okay well I mean you know like you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay um okay and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark and okay uh um uh like you know um like so I mean quiet Helen's parents wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh like well okay um you know okay couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually so so so so so so so so so so so eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually video video recordings will will come along for for for for for for for for for for for this podcast in case we need okay so well so well okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or or or or or or or or or or or something like that. Yes that specific uh uh um so um okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we we we we we we we we we we we couldn't have we we can't publish um uh uh I mean like um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like like the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part part part part part part part part part part part of it is well like well well uh uh like you know well so like like like like like like like like like like like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for for for for for for for for for for for you know well like like I mean like uh well like uh the football story story story story story story story story story story story that I want to tell ya but the the it was still funny. I I I I I I I I I I I so uh so okay well okay okay so okay uh got some messages about that that that that that that that that that that that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of of of of of of of of of of of I mean um you know um okay I mean well um well like like like like like like like like like like like March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in in in in in in in in in in in video games and okay well um okay well um well uh okay like entertainment recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded each. Week from week from week from week from week from week from week from from from from from from from from from from from week from week from week from week from New York City and bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce around cables and satellites all um well like I mean like like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well around the world and right into a listening device of choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice. As always. I'm Paula to I mean um okay so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean my oh and this week we got to change the copy but but but but but but but but but but but what my one and only so uh well okay you know um well so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the the the the the the the the the the the house. Yeah, you know, like uh uh like I mean like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that that that that that that that that that that that was a so I mean um um you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step step step step step step step step step step step in I mean I mean okay like um you know well um well well there. It It It It It It It It It It It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber the okay so like well well like like okay okay okay fateful day had had had had had had had had had had had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born um like uh um so so so so so so so so so so so you know so like well um as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the the the the the the the the the the the crack of thunder and a deluge so you know I mean so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him I mean well uh okay so well so well well well well well well well well well well well you know um of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this this this this this this this this this this this do this do this do this do this do this do this do this this this this this this this this this this this do this do this do this evil thing you I mean so um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh like so okay um shall have an evil son your nation shall become become become become become become become become become become become prey to Terrors and I mean uh I mean well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will will will will will will will will will will will fall okay so okay I mean like I mean okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't think about I mean uh okay um like well uh like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before before before before we before we before we before we get jumped into this first episode just just just just just just just just just just just want to shout out. Thank well okay I mean like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like like like like like like like like like like like it. We hope you enjoy you know you know uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh um I mean it. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you do, please leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that well well well I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well like um you know will really help us out especially here in in in in in in in in in in in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing okay well like like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to to to to to to to to to to to get you, you um well well so well like okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We We We We We We We We We We We like like like uh I mean like okay you know like like hope you you you you you you you you you you you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank well well um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well I mean uh um I mean you so much for the the the the the the the the the the the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like okay I mean well well I mean of weeks of difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now so uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay you know also forgive us for the sound quality at the the the the the the the the the the the moment. That's something we're um okay um like like okay uh so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit it and smooth everything okay you know like well like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so out that's best for your ear holes so that you you you you you you you you you you you can enjoy the podcast as well I mean I mean well like um um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you you you you you you you you you you you by anchor the easiest like I mean uh well okay uh so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their their their their their their their their their their their creation tools uh uh I mean uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um uh that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer you know well okay okay um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean well through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so that it can so okay you know so I mean well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can can can can can can can can can can can really imagine you can you know so um okay uh so like okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need need need need need need need need uh like I mean well okay so well okay so so to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go like uh so so like like like like like like like like like like like like okay um you know well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get you know um so um you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We We We We We We We We We We We are glad and excited to uh you know you know uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay so um be back for episode 2 we out here here here here here here here here here here here recording just having a good time okay like I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well well you know um. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today you know so okay I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for for for for for for for for for for for the now folded London okay I mean okay so I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks is going to well so um like so you know well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for for for for for for for for for for for the okay you know so okay you know uh well so um you know know know know know know know know know know know Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um you know you know uh you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know. No, well no, well no, well no, well no, well no, well no, well well well well well well well well well well well no, well no, well no, well no, well that's segment is going to to to to to to to to to to to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's um you know I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know like so like a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long long long long long long long long long long long it is about not listening like I mean so I mean uh so well well well well well well well well well well well uh um well to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to to to to to to to to to to to cover. The oh, well uh you know um like like uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know um um well like okay well this weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay you know you know uh like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to take a like okay I mean uh okay you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um you know uh well anger, it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast why you ask let me explain it's uh uh so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean you know you know okay free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh like so like well from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard I mean um so well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay well like well you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can also make money from your um um um um um um um um um um um so so so um so uh you know well well podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like okay uh so um need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go like I mean so like uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know like you know so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started started back to the show. Hey there, how are you know you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay uh so okay like you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean like so okay you know like um to all of our our our our our our our our our our our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free okay well okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay you know without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable so you know like well you know um um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean so topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode I mean so like well you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well like okay you know premium users can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what I mean so uh uh okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already uh uh like like okay okay like like um well Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on well well well well well well well well well well well uh so so well okay so uh uh I mean Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in in in in in in in in the your library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make make make make make make make make make make make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to to to to to to to to to to to uh well so I mean you know okay I mean um um um follow me me me me me me me me me me me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is um uh so I mean you know like I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like you know Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart way to build muscle um um um um like so okay so um like like like like like like like like like like like fast by John. Romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh like okay okay I mean uh so please find your most comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an being an being an being an being an being an being an being being being being being being being being being being being an being an being an being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence and emotional health. I so you know like so okay um um okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like like like like like like like like like like like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like like like like like like like like like like like I'd like I'd like I'd like to you know like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so you know so so take this opportunity to make a confession confession confession confession confession confession confession confession confession confession confession. I don't what I do have I mean I mean okay you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know uh well our convictions. I have theories. I have questions. I I I I I I I I I I I find myself looking around um like um uh so well well like well um and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like, we can't stay here. Stop setting stop setting stop setting stop setting stop setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting stop setting stop setting stop setting stop setting stop setting stop setting up your tent tent tent tent tent tent tent tent tent tent tent. We can't um uh like you know okay okay you know well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean stay here through my journey. It's become it's become it's become it's become become become become become become become become become become become it's become it's become it's become it's become it's become it's become it's become become become become become become become become become become become evident that A participant is no longer enough I mean okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know um so well well. It's time to become reformers. These are are are are are are are are are are are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit well well okay well well well well well well well well well well well well so like you know uh I mean Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to to to to to to to to to to to today's episode. I'm your host Mike okay like uh so uh well um um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh. My Shero. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about about about about about about about about about about about Prosperity today you guys before we get into okay um like um well like so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh like it though. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and uh well well well well well well well well well well well so so well like okay so okay I mean I am ready to to to to to to to to to to to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop uh well um so well you you you you you you you you you you you know um so okay I mean who has just been arrested this week for the the the the the the the the the the the murder of Gannon. Now, if you know well well um well well well um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you follow me at all then you know, I have said since since since since since since since since since since since day one the I mean okay so uh uh so okay so um um um um um um um um um um um um beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we we we we we we we we we we we all knew you know you know um well well well okay so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be be be be be be be be be be be so well um um um uh okay you know uh um brought to to to to to to to to to to to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean okay you know um well you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do do do do do do do do do do do with okay well um you know like um so um so so uploading it and putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting it online. But now we do it was kind of I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so you know you know well like so well complicated and and and and and and and and and and and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we so um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know okay I mean uh uh like okay went through a few few few few few few few few few few few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m um like so okay um like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um you know which is awesome and who we we we we we we we we we we we currently use now it's free. It's got creation uh um uh okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer uh so well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well um you know. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify uh like uh well uh okay like like so so so so so so so so so so so you know apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money money money money money money money money money money money from your okay I mean um uh uh like like um like so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess what you I mean well I mean you know um I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well okay well can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth like um so like uh well uh um well well it all the other sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do well so okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh you know I mean so not get you money in the process. So So So So So So So So So So So it's everything that you need to make uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay I mean so like um you know a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um uh you know like okay f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well like you know um um you know I mean the the the the the the the the the the the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean you know so like I mean age of the 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean you know okay like like 80 percenters were talking about about about about about about about about about about about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a like uh like well well well well well well well well well well well like okay you know well well like unique beast on confiscated Bible low my my my my my my my my my my my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies um uh uh okay you know like okay um okay I mean in my nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me so uh uh well uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um well the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I well um um so I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh well stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back back back back back back back back back back back. I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like well um so well well uh like like so so so so so so so so so so so know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please please please please please please please please please please please kuzey, please kuzey, please I will uh like okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well okay okay, and also I have TVs on my my my my my my my my my my my counter. I got cookies on I mean okay like okay I mean um okay so so so so so so so so so so so well you know my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends weddings that okay so so okay uh okay well like so well well well well well well well well well well well you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I uh I I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh um you know okay I mean I mean uh so like uh may may may may may may may may may may may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I well well well well well well well well well well well I well I well I well I well I well I well I well well well well well well well well well well well I well I well I well okay well um um like like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a a a a a a a a a a a koozie so so uh well so you know well so like you know were who who who who who who who who who who who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know I mean uh uh so of them half over half of of of of of of of of of of of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay okay uh uh um um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you you you you you you you you you you you okay like um so so um you know like so so with well research research research research research research research research research research research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships like so um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know like uh so um where you live work and love love love love love love love love love love love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and like like like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know um um I mean this is you and everyone else else else else else else else else else else else. So in our first episode we kind of so well I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like so you know uh like okay just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I I I I I I I I I I I kind of talked well okay uh you know you know uh like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh about what we want this to look like and we pretty much established uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay you know um uh uh I mean I mean um. We're not not not not not not not not not not not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we thought this would uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay well uh you know well um so be a good introduction to to to to to to to to to to to kind of who we are what kind of I mean um okay like so so so so so so so so so so so like well like okay you know identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry well I mean I mean uh okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in in in in in in in in in in in specific I mean so well so well you know um okay like you know embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like um I mean I mean okay okay um you know go go go go go go go go go go go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see see see see see see see see see see see all so well okay you know like I mean so um uh I mean might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh like uh you know um okay um as polyphonic and you're listening to horns horns horns horns horns horns horns horns horns horns horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga uh like well well you know like like like like like like like like like like like well you know um um one issue at a time. Yes, and we will will will will will will will will will will will finally answer the question. Will we I mean I mean like well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so um okay um make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is you know uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well you know like so the Saga lunch. Oh that actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long like you know um uh um um um um um um um um um um um well you know okay you know like how long were you sitting on that one? How How How How How How How How How How How long was I sitting on the uh like well so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so like drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a a a a a a a a a a a visual okay I mean okay uh so uh I mean well uh I mean. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just like like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so well okay okay so uh looked at this cover. This is is is is is is is is is is is a good book. I love this cover this. You you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like I mean okay I mean you know like know what? No joke, this this this this this this this this this this this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is still some some some some some some some some some some some time. Here's the U s-- L's uh um like um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well so like Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for I mean you know okay uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean um season 2 of steal some time. It's like like like like like like like like like like like we blinked all of a like uh well so like um um like um um um um um um um um um um um well sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just we're just we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just we're just days away from opening weekend you know um uh so well well well well well well well well well well well okay so like well you know. How is your off season first and and and and and and and and and and and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed like so okay okay um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so um ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up and it was like we're you know I mean okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so okay well like about to kick off and I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, oh good good thing I woke up in so uh uh well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like time. Then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort of like a a a a a a a a a a a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my well like like so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well uh well uh alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was was was was was was was was was was was like like uh so um so um uh like well okay a rowdies preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so I mean uh like like I mean um we're like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat uh um so so so so so so so so so so so like you know um okay like you know uh Montreal. I was just like like like like like like like like like like like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um I mean okay are good for real back in the swing of of of of of of of of of of of things were back here uh I mean well so so like um okay um um um um um um um um um um um um every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you you you you you you you you you you you I mean you know um okay so well you know um well uh guys a a a a a a a a a a a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and and and and you know well okay um you know you know well okay well you know podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has you know well well well well well well well well well well well so uh um well so like uh uh a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every every every every every topic including the one you're listening to okay so like you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like like so like uh right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never never never miss an you know um like okay you know you know um okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if okay uh so um well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like well you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to offline no matter where like uh like like okay uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well so uh you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to download the you know you know well well you know like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the the the the the the the the the the the your library Tab you know okay well uh you know like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which which which which which which which which which which which well I mean uh uh okay so like um like well let's see what we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well uh um like like episode 647 what I wish someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal trainer podcast well uh okay so uh uh uh so uh well with your your your your your your your your your your your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay like okay like okay well like uh we talk about the pyramid that you you you you you you you you you you you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the okay well okay so you know um um um um um um um um um um um well uh well uh order of importance for you and your clients to make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure that they're building muscle so uh you know like um you know well um um um um um um um um um um um okay like as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Michael. This is um so I mean uh I mean uh like uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute like so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so I mean you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit like like like like like like like like like like like well well um you know well okay well so um of a new setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and like well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so like uh regulations around the set up and I realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized that I hadn't set it up properly um well so like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like okay to par. But now but now but now but but but but but but but but but but but now but now but now but now but now but now but now but now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on well well well well well well well well well well well okay like okay well well so I mean I mean so I'll say this till till till till till till till till till till till till I die. You only you only you only you only you only only only only only only only only only only only you only you only you only you only you only you only have the the the the the the the the the the the next breath. That's uh like I mean okay you know so um um like like like like like like like like like like like like all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you you you you you you you you you you you got I mean like uh so I mean like like like so like. What's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so um so okay um okay I mean well people watching on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay um uh okay I mean well so on your normal podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year 11 year 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 year 11 year old well like I mean uh I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like patient. Timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick was admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know you know well um would die in the care of of of of of of of of of of of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome like well like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay I mean so um um to today and true-crime a par cast original original original original original original original original original original original due to the graphic nature of today's so um well you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know so I mean like uh crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today um today um today um today today today today today today today today today today today um today um today um today um today um today um today um today um like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know uh uh like uh okay I mean. We're discussing Beverly allit allit allit allit allit allit allit allit allit allit allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was like so well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know I mean I mean later nicknamed the Angel of Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back we're back we're back back back back back back back back back back back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back back back back back back back back back back back we're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty um you know uh well uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know well energized right now. Just got off the back of doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing some live training to Bluestone um well um well I mean uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay I mean okay um uh like so the internet and and and and and and and and and and and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay you know so you know um okay you know at one time. So So So So So So So So So So So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is uh so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so uh like uh like this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? today today today today today today today today today today But before we get like okay I mean uh you know okay okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean you know um well uh like well of weeks. I've been running running running running running running running running running running running a little bit of a giveaway. So for so for so for so so so so so so so so so so so for so for so for so for so for so for so for so so so so so so so so so so so for anyone that you know okay um well okay like you know uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter okay um so like okay okay you know uh okay I mean them into into into into into into into into into into into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh like um well so well I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like you know so like I mean well like well divine spiritual Seekers looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am well you know so okay you know well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light light light light light light light light light light light uh you know okay you know I mean uh so um you know okay and and and and and and and and and and and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like so um okay um like um stories and deeply dive into what what what what what what what what what what what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So so okay like like like like like like like like like like like like um like so okay like like come on in and feel the the the the the the the the the the the freedom. Qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy uh so well so so okay well I mean so I mean emanating through through through through through through through through through through through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So like like like like like like like like like like like uh so so uh like okay like so you know it has been about a month month month month month month month month month month month since my last episode but I went off to I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay like okay like I mean um have a baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was broke unemployed. I I I I I I I I I I I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the okay um I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like well okay well basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard it all a uh uh I mean um so uh I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. He knees are okay well uh um um um you know well uh well shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a um um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay you know I mean I mean okay okay uh towering Drive. I put the the the the the the the the the the the ram in the ram slots driving the larger so so um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well um uh well like Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like like like like like like like like like like like 2:30 I so okay uh um like you know I mean well so uh missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed out. I fear I fear I fear I fear I fear I fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear I fear I fear I fear I fear I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP engineer. My friends um um okay okay um well um uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make make make make make make make make make make make them you know well okay uh uh like like uh I mean um eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I don't uh uh so okay well like um I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be a Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and um okay uh well uh uh um okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State so like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean okay uh like okay um you know coach Rick me and and and and and and and and and and and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like like like like I mean I mean like I mean all the the the the the the the the the the the ways to open. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we we we we we we we we we we we uh uh so you know I mean like um I mean uh well just say say say say say say say say say say say that each week? We'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be bringing you you you you you you you you you you you a spooky tale. So you create um well you know well okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to get in this like okay well okay you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must must must must must must must must must must must be a good escort uh um you know okay I mean like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is is is is is is is is is is is all you see okay um uh um like so I mean uh uh like is the creepy alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh um you know you know uh um like here to to to to to to to to to to to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and and and and and and and and and and and so you know I mean you know well you know so you know well well well well well well well well well well well so advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like so okay like uh uh like uh industry and so much much much much much much much much much much much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today well so uh so you know so so so so so so so so so so so like like okay you know I'll be talking about who I am how I started started started started started started started started started started started modeling and made it well you know like um um well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well well my Korean Courier. Well, first well, first well, first well, first well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first of of of of of of of of of of of all, thank you so much for being here and okay uh um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean well well uh listening to my very first first first first first first first first first first first episode. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am so excited. I had been thinking about about about about about about about about about about about like like like like like you know okay uh like like doing a podcast for for for for for for for for for for for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but so um okay well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean so like I mean um I just had to do it it it it it it it it it it it Korean situation right now is me and my uh so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well so um okay like bedroom under the covers recording this on on on on on on on on on on on my phone. Anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if if if if if if if you know like like I mean uh well uh you know um like you don't know know know know know know know know know know know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh so like okay well okay well uh of our podcasts and and and and and and and and and and and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I let I let I I I I I I I I I I I let I let I let I let I let I let I let I let let let let let let let let let let let I mean like uh I mean like okay I mean um okay I mean me me me me me me me me me me me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean so so um you know okay I mean. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools so okay well you know okay like I mean I mean uh like so so so so so so so so so so so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your your your computer well uh well well uh okay okay you know okay uh wherever it'll automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on okay uh well um um um um um um um um um um um okay like so so I mean uh Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want want want want want want want want want want want to put it you can make okay well so so okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right so uh I mean well I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay you know away, which is super awesome. It's literally it's literally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally everything that you need to make a podcast okay okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well okay you know okay all in one place. So download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor uh um okay like you know so uh like so well well well well well well well well well well well dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay so well I mean so um um and I'll look this way too too too too too too too too too too too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay okay well okay um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that that that that that that that that that that that and then fucking you know uh I mean uh I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean like a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like like like like like like like like like like like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under you know you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so so so like so so like bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the the the the the the the the the the the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the the the the the the the the the the the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have have have have have have have have have have have um well okay you know okay um uh well uh so a stick up up up up up up up up up up up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think uh well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well I mean you know uh I mean my uncle killed someone in in in in in in in in in in in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your like um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well so okay okay I mean you know secret? Welcome back to another week of of of of of of of of of of of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning so well okay like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well so you know and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode it kind of well so I mean um you know you know uh um like like like like like like like like like like like um started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of of of of of of of of of of of solely like you know okay so like like you know like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to to to to to to to to to to to okay okay uh I mean uh I mean okay okay so um hear more of of of of of of of of of of of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series uh uh well like like like like like like like like like like like like well so you know you know uh famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all all all all all all all all all all all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify okay so so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like you know follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is uh I mean okay so so well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know it that you need? Are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so so well uh so like you know so man is who he thinks he is is is is is is is is is is is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the okay you know like so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well so I mean stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am it's about my son phileas. He like like like like like like like like like like like he like he like he like he like he like he like he like like like like like like like like like like like he like he like he like so I mean uh I mean you know like well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first first first first first first first first first first first for three like uh well like uh I mean you know well well so decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees from like um like I mean uh well I mean I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally um um um um um um um um um um um you know so um I mean uh well so uh uh found someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone could like you know um so well you know well so okay you know ever ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole he stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole he stole he stole he stole he stole he stole he stole he stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole he stole he stole you know I mean um well so okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh what should have been my life previously on the last degree of of of of of of of of of of of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't okay like uh uh I mean well um uh so so so so so so so so so so so so the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay like you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow you know you know you know um like okay um okay you know well made made made made made made made made made made made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff. I need you know um um uh I mean okay well um you you you you you you you you you you you know well you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of well so so so so so so so so so so so well like uh uh you know you know um you know I'm not racist racist racist racist racist racist racist racist racist racist racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh uh uh um like we're here with some little little little little little little little little little little little special guests and they are going to be so so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like you know like well joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st I mean so well uh uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so uh. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have have have have have have have have have have have you ever well um okay so uh um uh so so so I guess experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay well so um uh you know you know was it and yeah I I I I I I I I I I I can start there. Stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for for for for for for for for for for for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh so okay okay um you know uh you know get it is the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well you know I mean like okay I mean so where we host host host host host host host host host host host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation I mean okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay um okay uh well tool that allows you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or uh uh um okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not not not not not not not not not not not how well um you know well well like well okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you you okay like uh okay uh I mean so I mean like uh. So it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it it so it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many many many many many many more you know okay I mean like you know okay well like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you okay uh well like I mean well I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um well need to make a podcast and one place. So go so go go go go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go so go go go go go go go go go go go so go so go so go ahead and download um well uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know so so like like uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to you know like like like like like like like like like like like um um I mean um so you know okay um get started. And now for for for for for for for for for for for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a uh um so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so okay so I mean um spool back to tell you about our friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends at Spotify. That's right, you know I mean so so I mean so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find find find find find find find find find find find all your favorite podcast there like so well so you know like so um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other other other other other other other other other other other podcasts okay um so like I mean you know I mean so okay okay another another another another another another another another another another another one. Yes, that's right. You could you could you could you could you could could could could could could could could could could could you could you could you could you could you could you could okay what what what what what what what what what what what other episode no, no, it's like like so so uh so like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh not. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not not not not not not it's not it's not it's not it's not the show. So therefore I I I I I I I I I I I decide how I want. To another well uh like so uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like um you know um episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next next next next next next next next next next next time. You well you well you well you well you well you well you you you you you you you you you you you well you well you well you well you well I mean okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean you know uh I mean complain about me saying no many many many many many many many many many many many you do the intro after that couch I mean so um like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well um um so. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. This was this was this was this was this was this was this was this this this this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was the entire show you how it's I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh like well I mean well like so uh done, right? You know you want want want want want want want want want want want okay do it. You know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you already did did did did did did did did did did did like like like um like I mean okay well you know so the the the the the the the the the the the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have why have why have why have have have have have have have have have have have why have why have why have why have why have why have why have you you you you you you you you you you you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to to to to to to to to to to to talk okay so um like like I mean like okay you know like about this movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, you know like like like like like like like like like like like um um well so well well you know well this is like a real roller coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was just like one of those those those those those those those those those those those like well so you know well so you know so well so old can can can can can can can can can can can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going um um um um um um um um um um um um you know well okay so you know like like well to get get get get get get get get get get get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know like okay like so uh like, oh I could easily talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to like like um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know like okay talk about and it feels like are we we we we we we we we we we we getting into it or my okay now, so okay so uh I mean like um you you you you you you you you you you you know well like let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the 500 greatest like okay I mean um well you know well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me me me me me me me me me me me is my God well um okay you know so you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before before before before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just just just just just just just just just just just wanted to talk to you guys well like I mean so like okay uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like like quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and like so well okay so so so you know like well podcast and one one one one one one one one one one one place that's for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account and that well well so so uh um um so um so so so so so so so so so so so is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit well uh I mean uh okay you know you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so okay um like okay so so like like like like like like like like like like like okay well never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your your your your your your your your your your your um you know I mean um um okay uh so well okay friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline well uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like uh like like wherever and whenever you are if you're like like like like like like like like like like like me, you probably have too many well okay uh so so okay like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you you you you you you you you you you you haven't done so uh like um okay I mean well like okay so uh already already already already already already already already already already already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts I mean you know you know um okay I mean so well okay you know in in in in in in in in in in in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So So So So So So So So So So So um okay you know so um uh I mean like so okay you never never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh well I mean um I mean you know um you know into today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh like you know so you know like podcast where we take take take take take take take take take take take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding okay okay um uh you know okay so you know well okay out mainly about the the the the the the the the the the the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort you know know know know know know know know know know know um um well okay well you know okay uh okay of thing, but when when when when when when when when when when when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real like um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like um so so um nerds who offer expert guidance on on on on on on on on on on on things like credit cards and retirement with um you know you know like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay um like okay you know I mean well okay easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves okay so well well well well well well well well well well well like well you know so I mean uh well free things. Like Rick don't you you you you you you you you you you you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free uh well you know um uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean so so things. So there's also creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your um okay um okay well okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you know well well uh well well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so um um I mean you know you know like okay I mean that that that that that that that that that that that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast like like like like like like like like like like like so well so you know well uh I mean um so with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so well I mean well like so uh. So download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well um I mean I mean m-- to get started. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for okay well like uh well you know you know so um I mean C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 English level students. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Alba Casado a a a a a a a a a a a student sharing her journey um I mean uh I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know so towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and and and and and and and and and and and enjoy the show and don't forget to you know okay uh like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, welcome back in okay like like like so so I mean okay so um today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like well so well um you know okay speaking paper and their their their their their their their their their their their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh um I mean um okay the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you you you you you you you you you you you grunting well well uh I mean uh so uh I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life life life life life life life life life life life you know well uh so so well well okay um so. You come and I I I I I I I I I I I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and okay so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know you know well like I mean you fall to your knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so okay um okay um so well love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget. Your breath your breath your breath your breath your breath your breath your breath your your your your your your your your your your your breath your breath your breath your breath the Breath of I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know so you know you know you know um Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me uh I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well uh well so well uh so high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again thanks again thanks again thanks again thanks again thanks again again again again again again again again again again again thanks again thanks again thanks again thanks again thanks again for tuning into the logical logical logical logical logical logical logical logical logical logical logical Bible study podcast. I really I really I really I really I really I really really really really really really really really really really really I really I really I really I really I really appreciate so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well like uh so your support. I hope you're getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting a lot out of studying the Bible in well well well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh okay well this way by looking at the literal sense of the the the the the the the the the the the text, which is something we you know um okay I mean like well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well um don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about it uh okay you know so okay like so I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite unlike everything you know like uh like well so uh well okay so else else else else else else else else else else else. We see we see we see we see we see we see we see we we we we we we we we we we we see we see we see we see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 1 to 9, which is okay so um well um well okay uh so like like like like like like like like like like like the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well well okay uh uh well okay like led them up a a a a a a a a a a a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he um so you you you you you you you you you you you know so like well uh I mean you know well was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in in in in in in in in in in in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today you know okay well uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean well you know as you have to show here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just okay you know okay like um um um um um um um um um um um okay um so uh I mean do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the the the the the the the the the the the one. Yeah. I knew you'd you know um so uh uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh want to say the full title. Right love it before we we we we we we we we we we we jump into this episode so like uh I mean like um um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you you you you you you you you you you you you know um well like so okay like um well you know need help help help help help help help help help help help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are you know so so so so so so so so so so so like uh uh you know you know uh uh um available to help you at at at at at at at at at at at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We We We We We We We uh um I mean I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh discussed a a a a a a a a a a a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be be be be be be be be be be be I mean um you know so uh so uh like um so warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were we were were were were were were were were were were were we were we were we were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we we we we were we were we were really uh so so okay so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know I mean excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of of of of of of of of of of of our thoughts and feelings about the original um okay so so like um you know know know know know know know know know know know um so um book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of of of of of of of of of of of Fantastic you know um well um so okay I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is is is is is is is is is is is an interactive so you know you know like so I mean uh um well so so so so so so so so so so so podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know I mean okay like so I mean well along with with with with with with with with with with with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like uh okay you know uh well you know conversation love our blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh well I mean I mean around donate to block us us us us us us us us us us us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh well you know you know so I mean uh bills and I I I I I I I I I I I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh like um okay like well I mean listening by the way, but if if if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest you know okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean well you know way to make a podcast. I know know know know know know know know know know know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and you know like okay uh um so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know well you know a few people have reached out to to to to to to to to to to to me and asked for advice on how to like um you know so well uh um um um um um um um um um um um like okay you know get their podcast started or distribute it out there and and and and and and and and and and and anchors the best way to uh um well so so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like well okay do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well well well well well well well well well well well um like okay well well I mean okay um I mean the podcast, right? right right right right right right right right right right Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay like so like uh so okay I mean messages. Thank you to those of of of of of of of of of of of you that have been doing that by the way, uh I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay um okay okay you know keep them come and keep harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you know uh okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like well so you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a a a a a a a a a a a bunch more this well okay I mean well like I mean well um uh like so so so so so so so so so so so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know like well you know okay even heard of so so so so so so so so so so so it does the work for you and you can so like you know so so so so so so so so so so so like okay um like well um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're uh like so you know uh uh uh so uh well listening to the modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest artist podcast today. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking with Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind you know okay okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh uh. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I I I I I I I I I I I gotta drink it. All right well um okay you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like so. So let's do a roll call. So you got at at at at at at at at at at at the end. I'm Jon John you know well like well well um so you you you you you you you you you you you know like so. Jon was a real quick. What do what do what do what do what what what what what what what what what what what do what do what do what do what do what do what do you play? play play play play play play play play play play Play guitar. Okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, I well uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean so well um do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums like so okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so um okay you know okay I mean. And I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I am am am am am am am am am am am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do like so so so so so so so so so so so um like okay like so well so like a this is our first time doing it it it it it it it it it it it with multi people can guys so you know okay well okay uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You You You You You You You You You You You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't this isn't this isn't this this this this this this this this this this this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure I mean um well like so like well uh I mean well right? I I I I I I I I I I I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and and and and and and and and and and and I mean so I mean uh so um well so okay uh a half half half half half half half half half half half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes well so uh you know I mean okay okay you know um you know into into into into into into into into into into into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh um so well uh well I mean you know interesting because I I I I I I I I I I I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking that well well I mean you know um well uh I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know how I lived was normal. I remember I remember I remember I remember I I I I I I I I I I I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me so so so uh okay so I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well um as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this this this this this this this this this this this entire um you know um so like so um so well um weekend Colin Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like you know so I mean um well your neck, but you you you you you you you you you you you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of uh uh um well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay um travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your your your your your your your your your your your dedication to traveling and I so well like I mean uh uh like you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the the the the the the the the the the the morning, but I'm uh well I mean um like like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and and and and and and and and and and and then you know um like okay like okay so like um you know Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then then then then then then then then then then then you know um you know uh okay well um I mean uh well you said you you you you you you you you you you you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove well okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh um I mean like to Clemson, South Carolina first first first first first first first first first first first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um uh like so I mean okay back to Colombia. And And And And And And And And And And And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily so okay um um so you know uh well like you know stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the company and its management for their more the uh okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like like I mean okay views and opinions of the guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as well so so so so so so so so so so so so like you know uh you know okay okay you know season 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit like so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh well so okay you know um about what is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean so uh well like I mean all see which is is is is is is is is is is is a podcast in which this young lady here with a like so well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean well um well you know mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so uh uh well I mean um something years of age. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't need me. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue on musician's um I mean you know um well um like um uh like like like like like like like like like like like health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold down like okay well like like uh like okay okay um here. But But But But But But But But But But But here we are. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are bad back in the the the the the the the the the the the podcast Studio at Loyola University I mean I mean uh well well uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking forward to this episode for okay okay well well um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our our our our our our our our our our our guest today is singer-songwriter and like I mean uh um so okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would I would I I I I I I I I I I I would I would I would I would I would I would I would I would would would would would would would would would would would I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know uh you know like you know so. No, it's no, it's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with with with with with with with with with with with the dominating Edge today uh like uh well I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so um you know like so you know so in 2008. I had the the the the the the the the the the the amazing opportunity to take a train up the um I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know okay I mean uh um California coast from Los Angeles to to to to to to to to to to to San Jose. Now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've now now now now now now now now now now now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've been on a train before. But you you you you you you you you you you you know well well uh so okay um uh um I mean this was special. It It It It It It It It It It It was a Peace Train. The train the train the train the train the train the the the the the the the the the the the train the train the train the train the train the train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you ever thought about so you know you know I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so so starting your own podcast? You know you have have have have have have have have have have have if you haven't heard about anchor um so I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me explain first and foremost, I mean uh uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know well like like it's free. That means no money out of of of of of of of of of of of your pocket. Anchor has I mean well I mean well I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um okay so I mean creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone so um uh so okay so okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you you. So it you know so like I mean okay like okay so okay okay can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty I mean um like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like so I mean podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks to Anchor friends you can make money okay so you know so uh so so so so so so so so so so so like okay well like from your podcast and you don't have to have any any any any any any any any any any any minimum listenership. Anchor is you know okay so I mean so um like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean so everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place place. So what do you well like you know I mean um well you know um um um um um um um um um um um so so do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- like like uh um um I mean uh like so okay to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a a a a a a a a a a a couple of uh well I mean okay like I mean uh um okay you know weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice they uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know you know you know um I mean um be a large large large large large large large large large large large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise so um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um uh okay that it would be worth the wait. So before before before before before before before before before before before we get into it is like okay I mean you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like um you know okay well only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Emma and Mike as always I mean like um um um you you you you you you you you you you you know well like uh uh so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and and and and and and and and and and and excellent and excellent and Mike, how are you? I am well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so well I mean okay uh so also fine. Okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so so so so so so so so so so okay, so okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes you know well like well I mean like like so uh okay around I think so so so so so so so so so so so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean um um so and excited to be joined by Doctor David David David David David David David David David David David. Robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer so uh I mean well okay I mean you know so uh um researcher award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay well uh well well okay like um because he's they're here. I I I I I I I I I I I did actually say it to Mike off air as okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean I mean you know uh so um well. It is one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite reads of 2019. And the and the and the and the and the and and and and and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the and the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very very very very very very very very very uh like I mean so like well you know like I mean so traumatized after seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front well okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh you know so uh like I mean of my eyes. I just sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, okay like so well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean well okay okay you know it was so dark in here that that that that that that that that that that that I had to use the small lamp on the I mean like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know you know like um um table next to me. They They They They They They They They They They They really they really they really they really they really they really they really they they they they they they they they they they they really they really they really they really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh okay I mean okay you know uh well also realized I had broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken the first rule. Hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other than traumatizing me me me me me me me me me me me uh okay you know uh uh well I mean well well so. It didn't do do do do do do do do do do do much damage. This is going to be a great shift you know so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh well you know I mean um okay. The first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like you know okay okay you know my peripheral vision. They got closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is is is Adam. I uh uh you know uh well I mean like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and and and and and and and and and and and welcome I mean like um you know uh okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so well to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going like well you know uh uh like uh you know um uh to be be be be be be be be be be be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um you know okay uh so to put together this like like like like like like like like like like like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of okay like okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay you know uh like film and put together. Kind of making making making making making making making making making making making it I guess is the best way to well uh you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um you know put it I mean so I've been looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking into like I've talked about in okay like okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know the past I talked about in the last episode that that that that that that that that that that that I really am a big well uh like you know okay so okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like um fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards the okay um okay I mean um okay like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so okay okay you know um um you know um PSA Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know okay I mean um I mean I got, so like I I I I I I I I I I I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product product product product product product product product product product product that guarantees you'll never have like so well uh um uh you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000. Treat your fling flang, so uh okay okay like okay like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go well go well go well go well go well go well go well go well well well well well well well well well well well go well go well go well I mean um so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know ahead. This works this works this works this works works works works works works works works works works works this works this works this works this works this works this works this works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I show I show I show show show show show show show show show show show I show I show I show I show I show I show I show show show show show show show show show show show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and I well like um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know okay um have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared in other words, otherwise known like uh like um so um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you you you you you you you you you you you. What's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's your what's your what's your what's your name Chris? okay you know um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know so okay Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next next next next next next next next next next next time at the casino tables young like um I mean you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know um so you know like and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself. They call they call they call they call they call they call they call they they they they they they they they they they they call they call they call they call okay so so I mean well uh well like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so like I mean um um I mean. I like to pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so like well so so into and a pause in between there there there there there there there there there there there. Let's get out. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a problematic pause well like like like like like like like like like like like okay like uh so well okay okay um as they surged about. It wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stage and screen you know um you know I mean like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well okay if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going okay um I mean I mean okay okay uh uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery battery battery battery battery battery battery battery battery battery battery uh you know so so well like well uh I mean uh power over there. So So So So So So So So So So So I have a good signal and I have plenty um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know um okay um you know of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad I mean um so okay well so well okay uh I mean reputation for everything they they they they they they they they they they they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond um um like you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh so I mean um you know industry and even the divorce rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and well you know well uh so so so so so so so so so so so well well you know uh I mean none of them are immune from job job job job job job job job job job job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily okay uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like so um I mean that these facts about Job hopping aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't at all what they seem here are a like I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like um well few common ones and how to combat them. One One One One One One One One One One One Millennials change jobs after so um well okay well well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um one year one myth that some might not not not not not not not not not not not know or even care to disprove is that like okay you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know well you know um um Millennials jump from job to to to to to to to to to to to job because we're never satisfied but data from the like I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um um um well well US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees are actually staying with companies longer so you know like okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well like so well I mean than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average the the the the the the the the the the the average the average the average the average the average the average the average the average average average average average average average average average average average the average the average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well okay I mean well like um well me up. Hi welcome. My My My My My My My My My My My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings um like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay so well so like so closet on Poshmark. I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um so so I mean um so well Instagram account to Market my items items items items items items items items items items items and connect with other postures in the community I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so so I mean uh uh here. I will talk about about about about about about about about about about about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way uh like you know well well well well well well well well well well well well like um uh like uh and really create a beginner friendly guide for for for for for for for for for for for you to help you enhance uh okay okay I mean um you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean uh and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig with being a reseller you know I mean well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean like like. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all all all all all all all all all all all about uh uh I mean you know um well uh well okay okay indefinite articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know so well um I mean like to learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know so you know uh okay I mean well articles in English now now now now now now now now now now now for those of you who are Back again for another um okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um well so well like so English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who who who who who who who who who who who are new. I want to so like okay I mean so uh okay like well um um um um um um um um um um um quickly introduce myself. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is teacher Monica and and and and and and and and and and and I'm an American English teacher I mean okay okay you know like so so so so so so so so so so so okay um well uh. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English English English English English English English English English English English to speakers well so uh you know well I mean okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently I currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so uh I mean um I mean uh like um those militia upset upset upset upset upset upset upset upset upset upset upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh you know so you know favorite podcast. The friends the friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends the friends the friends the friends the friends the friends the friends the friends the the the the the the the the the the the friends the friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh I mean um I mean uh I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical carajo well you know uh um so like I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude well okay okay like like well uh uh I mean you know career path. Coffee popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well uh um like you know well okay are 90 Arjun made typical run run run run run run run run run run run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did so well okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like like you know like you know not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this this this this this this this this this this this is the Enterprise podcast. Today I mean I mean I mean like okay you know so well well well well well well well well well well well well you know is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all all all all all all all all all all all of you because okay um well um like um you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um so you know uh I mean you know well we've been on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring break. I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually only send an email email email email email email email email email email email with a you know you know so um I mean I mean well like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean link to the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative a classmate who's like well um okay um well like like um uh in in in in in in in in in in in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this like like like like like like like like like like like so uh okay so uh um well uh um information on to them or or or or or or or or or or or tell them to contact me so I can send okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know so uh um um them the link. This is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is important information that I want all of you to have like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so I mean so I mean okay. It's going to be even more more more more more more more more more more more important than usual for us to be in communication so uh uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay like for you to have good communication with the the the the the the the the the the the nursing program over the next several you know so so like uh so like um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking checking checking checking checking checking checking checking checking checking checking your BC email. You need you need you need you need you need you need need need need need need need need need need need you need you need you need you need you need you know um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean um well um I mean you know um to check check check check check check check check check check check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like uh so uh I mean okay I mean a neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know uh you know I mean uh so uh then you know know know know know know know know know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh I mean I mean we've now got new guests, which is amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing and I've got some really well like uh okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to to to to to to to to to to to and I hope you um okay uh I mean well um so so well well really really really really really really really really really really really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean I mean um you know um podcast and you'd like to to to to to to to to to to to come on please to give me a message because I'd well um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um like I mean so um well love to chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know um you know I mean okay uh the sad death of Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just like uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh you know okay to be kind remember people have things things things things things things things things things things things happening behind closed doors. And if and if and if and if and if and if if if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This This This This This This This This This This This is the podcast dedicated uh well I mean um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like like like like like like like like like like like to live with uh I mean okay so so you know well like like like like like like like like like like like okay so borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I I I I I I I I I I I am your uh so like okay uh well um like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of well well well well well well well well well well well okay like uh I mean so well uh so um the Podcast which is is is is is is is is is is is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health um like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well you know I mean and medical intervention. So, please so, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please seek out those sources of support if you need well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean okay well I mean well like them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh well I mean I mean um okay uh so month's episode. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director so so so so so so so so so so so okay like well you know uh uh I mean so I mean at swim Ireland. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be speaking to John about his career at so so you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um like like Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the the the the the the the the the the the Plymouth and now a little bit you know like you know so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know well about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with with with with with with with with with with with some Island. I do need um okay well okay you know so uh so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I I I I I I I I I I I wanted uh like I mean uh well so okay like so you know to welcome you to to to to to to to to to to to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new well so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh uh okay well um way to communicate with the department and and and and and and and and and and and what this means for DCS going forward well you know like well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay you know as you know, the legislative session is in in in in in in in in in in in full swing. Our budget plan so okay you know okay um uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into the general assembly. Also, we um well I mean like um well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended amended amended amended amended amended amended amended amended amended amended FY 20 uh um I mean um um okay um like so so so so so so so so so so so um budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional changes have um uh you know you know um okay um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for for for for for for for for for for for the so well um so um uh you know um well uh department and helps helps helps helps helps helps helps helps helps helps helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean like well you know uh be for the legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected we've selected we've selected we've selected well so okay okay you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining and supplemented them with additional so okay so I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh I mean uh Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from from from from from from from from from from from oral tradition. There's a um um um I mean like so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar so like like so I mean uh um uh I mean you know with with with with with with with with with with with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate so so so so so so so so so so so you know like well like you know you know you know okay um not to lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and well so so so so so so so so so so so well you know okay you know I mean um like like night. He He He He He He He He He He He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was filthy hungry. And for the first time in in in in in in in in in in in his life alone. Oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long uh so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like um um uh arrows foot hit a rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock and he tumbled to the ground known to I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know like I mean I mean okay be deaf and assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the the the the the the the the the so you know okay I mean I mean well um like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features features features features features features features features features features features marble is like so you know uh well like um um you know okay an an an an an an an an an an an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like um like you know like um um Cinematic Universe movies based on characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know like you know so celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's you know so okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean so um um um topic. Back in back in back in back in in in in in in in in in in in back in back in back in back in back in back in back in July July July July July July July July July July July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like like um well like um I mean the movie theater to watch the the the the the the the the the the the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware uh I mean okay like um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I I I I I I I I I I I wasn't expecting my life to uh okay uh like well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom I mean I mean okay I mean like uh um okay okay um. That's almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older uh like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um so well you know well than me back in October of 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to Good better I mean you know so you know so well um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast landscape like okay like uh well um I mean like okay like and place place place place place place place place place place place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um okay like like I mean Dirty Bastard out a submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just well okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know like like uh uh uh um change it up because the Mojo needed a little little little little little little little little little little little bit of changing as far as okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so like like like uh the pics were concerned just a tad not not not not not not not not not not not much the the luck ran out okay I mean uh uh uh uh um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um of the money song that that one money song that we've been using using using using using using using using using using using boy. You so uh you know okay I mean I mean I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean better give me that money. Yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that one so so so so so so so so so so so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well like okay well um you know uh TV talk now. It was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I I I I I I I I I I I you know so I mean well well uh um well okay so have Alexis here here here here here here here here here here here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well so well okay uh like um ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host gauge as usual I mean um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like I mean so. And as you may have noticed this this this this this this this this this this this is not exactly our usual programming okay okay you know so um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But But But But But But But But But But But if you're hankering for um so okay I mean um uh well um you you you you you you you you you you you know um your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so um like uh so I mean so show. Yes. It's no no no no no no no no no no no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series well you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um you know like okay well um we have rebranded it is is is is is is is is is is is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well well well well uh uh okay guys tuning in and let's get back back back back back back back back back back back to business today. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm making this video uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh well I mean like well so and podcast right after Luke Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the um well like um well well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean like like Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness craziness of you know, the sports card you know you know you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean like um okay market and Luke advantages Market in general general general general general general general general general general general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay I mean you know so well that people can go out out out out out out out out out out out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so okay I mean I mean um well. We going for for for for for for for for for for for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a colorist for film um you know uh you know so so well uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading like like like like like like like like like like like like so so okay I mean well I mean I mean so sweet to work on on on on on on on on on on on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so well well okay um um like for an hour a day or weeks on on on on on on on on on on on end depending on the project those clients so like well okay like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like you know might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending on the project now our so well I mean so um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of of of of of of of of of of of interesting things. Sometimes uh I mean like I mean I mean I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is is is is is is is is is is is all so like like okay you know like well well okay like about about about about about about about about about about about. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a glimpse behind the curtain of film film film film film film film film film film film and television the podcast will talk um well so I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well well so about color from time to time, but it's really about what what what what what what what what what what what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is your One Stop Shop for everything I mean okay uh like well uh well well well well well well well well well well well um like I mean related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking news coming out um you know uh so well you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um you know in the market, but want to bring in the owner of of of of of of of of of of of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson I mean uh you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay uh what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to to to to to to to to to to to say folks that was very well so you know um okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh impressive that he got all those words out because that was his his his his his his his his his his his fifth attempt and uh um you know okay um so so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome so I mean you know well I mean um you know so like you you you you you you you you you you you know to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this like like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know okay you know uh well uh uh is a this is is is is is is is is is is is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, um uh well well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um okay so like it has to be in the the the the the the the the the the the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man um you know okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so I mean he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay uh um okay um like okay a podcast Let Me Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you you know well um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh uh uh I mean get anything better at something that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's free. There's also there's also there's also there's also there's also there's also also also also also also also also also also also there's also there's also there's also there's also there's also creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you you know so okay like I mean I mean okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how how how how how how how how how how how convenient anchor well so uh so um uh uh um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify like okay um I mean like well well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to to to to to to to to to to to with so okay well I mean like um you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the the the the the the the the the the the like so okay so I mean um um like like well free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so okay well I mean okay okay like that's anchored on FM to get started started started started started started started started started started started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys you know okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so like okay you know well so okay and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, there we go coming at you week so okay well uh I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean uh three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've had um uh you know like well well well you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do what do what do what do what do what do what do do do do do do do do do do do what do what do what do what do you do baby boo and sugar live live live live live live live live live live live in to grow Nancy? And like you know so you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh um uh this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second second second second second second second second second second second episode. It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like okay well um I mean okay the beginning of a fresh new new new new new new new new new new new start which means a whole nother month a whole okay like okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know well like uh well I mean nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the um I mean uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well well um so okay um following week. You have a 30-something days and get your your your your your your your your your your your money up. And uh uh I mean uh uh okay um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby you know um like I mean you know uh I mean um so well. Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um so so uh um like I mean I mean birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener so like you know well like well I mean you know um so so so so so so so so so so so discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister like well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean um you know you know well um you know Aldo Maura stared stared stared stared stared stared stared stared stared stared stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know like like okay okay um uh taking him to work when the the the the the the the the the the the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car well you know okay um well well well well well well well well well well well so you know like uh um door flung open Aldo was lifted out of of of of of of of of of of of his seat and dragged across the Narrow you know like well um uh like like like like like like like like like like like well uh um um Street. He shouted let me go. What do what do what what what what what what what what what what what do what do what do what do what do what do what do do do do do do do do do do do what do what do you want from me? But his captors okay so so so so so so so so so so so um you know well I mean uh okay I mean uh didn't reply reply reply reply reply reply reply reply reply reply reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the the the the the the the the the the the I mean okay like you know well I mean I mean okay uh um car car car car car car car car car car car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with with with with with with with with with with with the body um um okay like I mean okay well uh um um lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh uh um um okay well I mean like what lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like so um so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean well you know like okay a vegetable, but but but but but but but but but but but she liked her applesauce. Let them let them let them let them let them let let let let let let let let let let let them let them let them let them let them let them know but All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, you well so like uh well uh so um okay well drop the spoon again. Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about um well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so um well you know you know uh today today is a good one today today today today today today today today today today today. Just not back when I'm gonna say um like I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay um yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things things things things things things things things things things things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen. Congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like I mean well okay like so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean so um like I mean okay exciting Really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like so you know okay well I mean you know I mean been different but but but but but but but but but but but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like okay so okay well okay time to kind of reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42. Now, uh uh uh you know I mean um uh like uh so if if if if if if if if if if if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have like like like like like like like like like like like you know um okay you know well I mean well um so noticed that that that that that that that that that that that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had had had had had had had had had had had you know I mean so I mean okay um um uh uh so dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Chuck Matias. He talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he he he he he he he he he he he talked he talked he talked he talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt okay I mean uh uh so okay like like uh well Candler join us us us us us us us us us us us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well okay uh um um um uh um that conversation. We We We We We We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and and and and and and and and and and and she talks you know okay like like I mean okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a a a a a a a a a a a gift I mean I mean like um uh like I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh I mean okay okay okay for joining us right here here here here here here here here here here here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh uh like so okay you know I mean and you've been been been been been been been been been been been here. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope for a long time. So So So So So So So So So So So you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so so so so so so so so so so so you've so you've so you've so you've obviously spent okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um okay like um hours and hours and hours cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to to to to to to to to to to to okay um okay well um I mean okay um um you know kind of of of of of of of of of of of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation like like so uh well so well so okay like from the Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children so so so so so so so so so so so uh so I mean well like so you know I mean like defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean um well so you know so well other elbow fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is so so so so so so so so so so so uh so well well like um I mean okay okay usually closed reduction followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment like well okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know so well like okay so in the joint that is blocking reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six you know um um okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean I mean percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male male male male male male male male male male male to female ratio is 3 2 okay you know well you know okay like you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year year year year year year year year year year year olds. And these and these and these and these and these and these and and and and and and and and and and and these and these and these and these and these are very uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um well um uh rare in younger children less than three years years years years years years years years years years years old the mechanism of a pediatric I mean so uh so so so like like like like like like like like like like like you know um um elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy. Today I mean okay okay uh I mean like so so well like we're going going going going going going going going going going going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce myself um uh I mean well okay okay um um I mean okay to to to to to to to to to to to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so I mean like um well you know um so Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see I see I see I see I see see see see see see see see see see see I see I see I see I see I see I see you you you you you you you you you you you about 40 50 patients uh so okay uh so uh um uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well I mean well so like you know um um have a census census census census census census census census census census census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal like okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh like I mean well well so patients. So literally my patients have been been been been been been been been been been been very worried about the core virus and to like you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean so so like be honest who is not been worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is so so so so so so so so so so so uh um like uh I mean okay um um I mean the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well well well you know well of which uses and it's awesome because it's free free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that like like I mean you know like okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay well okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer well uh well okay uh okay like I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay like like well like okay so Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many many more Or you can make money from your podcast well well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so like I mean well with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that that that that that that that that that that that you need to make a podcast in one um like I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know uh uh place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get you know so like well um um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask you know well like okay I mean so so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name name name name name name name name name name name for so well like you know um you know like uh I mean you know this? this this this this this this this this this this We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and and and and and and and and and and and additional like so uh you know uh you know uh uh you know so content content content content content content content content content content content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um you know so like I mean um um is interesting for for for for for for for for for for for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for so uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well so so like so um this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way first off it's free. There are tools I mean you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well um okay um that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone. Or well you know so uh well well you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean so your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually recorded on my phone um well uh well um so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distributes the podcast for so um like uh well uh so okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like like like like like like like like like like like 12 others at this point. So well I mean like so like um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of of of of of of of of of of of uh well I mean like uh well uh like I mean okay challenges a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean I mean I mean you know so you know uh experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide you join me as I go along well I mean I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well uh well uh you're joining the words Brendan building your your your your your your your your your your your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have I mean well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh so I mean so I mean you heard about anchor dot? F F F F F F F F F F F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been well I mean well okay so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean you know I mean uh searching for so long. What kind of host host host host host host host host host host host how to do it engine. Oh when okay okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like so you know you know I mean uh I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today like um um um um um um um um um um um well so so so uh so so like the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is um well like okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um you know I mean a fantastic lifestyle coach and and and and and and and and and and and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted well like uh like like like like like like like like like like like so like you know so um okay to bring her in today because I I I I I I I I I I I am getting so many questions about ways to like well well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know like you know like optimize fueling to lose way to to to to to to to to to to to be your best self and frankly. I don't you know uh okay well you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like uh feel qualified to talk to about that but I I I I I I I I I I I do think that Kathleen has a wealth um okay well I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so okay um I mean I mean of knowledge. So hi so hi so hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi so hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay so um um you know so like so Joy. Thanks for having me on today today today today today today today today today today today. I am Kathleen child. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am a mom well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay uh you know uh like I mean of of of of of of of of of of of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of of of of of of of of of of of days I mean okay so uh you know so well well like okay and days. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called so so like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay um so uh I mean Snodgrass Portobellos across across across across across across across across across across across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals okay like like like like like like like like like like like like okay well well so like like well to his right is Omar. Hey guys and and and and and and and and and and and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's I how's I how's I how's I I I I I I I I I I I how's I how's I how's I how's I how's I how's I how's I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um you know uh um like well it going? There? It It It It It It It It It It It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can so so um um um um um um um um um um um um well uh um um okay uh hear him. I don't know if you guys can can can can can can can can can can can hear him. And then and then and then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then then then then then and then and then and then and then tonight we welcome on uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so you know like well I mean okay um a very very special special special special special special special special special special special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my so well well well well well well well well well well well okay like um uh well like uh like boo my love in the building. Let them know know know know know know know know know know know who you are girl. Hey, what's okay like well um well okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh good? It's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well well well okay I mean well you know you do like like like like like like like like like like like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you know um uh you know like so um so um um um um um um um um um um um um I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words words words words words words words words words words words. But um, I kind okay like like well you know I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst other you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so so so uh uh well okay um things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. That's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why that's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know um you know like you know I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles candles candles candles candles candles candles candles candles candles candles I mean like um like okay well um like so so soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, um you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay I mean you know and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the in the the the the the the the the the the the dome podcast podcast body are well like okay well uh so um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right right right right right right right right right right right. What do well well well okay um you know okay okay um uh you want want want want want want want want want want want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's well well like um um um um um um um um um um um like uh like like you know I mean not much stock boat. We still still still still still still still still still still still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac you know so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so you know so well / comeback kids come back. You You You You You You You You You You You know what that game room. Okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I I I I I I I I I I I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I believe okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know so um uh you know I mean off the the the the the the the the the the the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were were were were were were were were were were were talking about like you know you know um um uh well uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back back back back back back back back back back back you know okay you know I mean uh um so you know well well well well well well well well well well well so in. Yep. And then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then then then then then and then and then and then and then and then and then I I I I I I I I I I I think you were to it's like when fully back you know okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean you know I mean so on board board board board board board board board board board board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well you know so um I mean okay well like. I I I I I I I I I I I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt so so I mean okay well you know like well you know I mean too too too too too too too too too too too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched switched switched switched switched switched switched switched switched switched switched but I okay you know okay you know uh okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're fully back. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um okay like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean uh you know I mean proud. I'm not fully back back back back back back back back back back back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so um okay okay um to being like, I think I'll die for this this this this this this this this this this this team. I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on um well um um well like I mean uh like I mean the the the the the the the the the the the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people you know like um um um um um um um um um um um um so uh you know uh well um perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that that that that that that that that that that that burned three million Acres. It would change the way I mean I mean okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean you know well people looked at firefighters and force Congress to to to to to to to to to to to increase the budget for the us um uh like uh um um uh like like like like like like like like like like like so so. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you so uh okay um like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so like get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener discretion okay I mean so like um uh um uh like okay is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay well okay um uh um like okay 20th, 1910 Forest ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were so okay like so well well well well well well well well well well well um so um okay uh clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and we we we we we we we we we we we are I mean I mean so well I mean um um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked we talked we we we we we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked about getting started the painting so um uh you know okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um um uh well that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sharing all the I mean so you know okay uh so okay well uh well well well well well well well well well well well tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well okay I mean uh you know well like so when I get to to to to to to to to to to to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast you know uh um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like like so I mean um is brought to you by my online online online online online online online online online online online class layer by layer where you will see well I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know um like uh you know like so Me paint a large abstract painting painting painting painting painting painting painting painting painting painting painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know you know uh I mean um okay see that process head on over over over over over over over over over over over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on um um like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay okay so well layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon code. The coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the the the the the the the the the the the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon is 20 you you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh uh uh well uh like okay in Feb 2 0 infe infe infe infe infe infe infe infe infe infe infe be and you will save 20% on that class uh well okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know uh up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Whether like like you know I mean well okay you know um um like this is is is is is is is is is is is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean okay I mean you know like like well much for for for for for for for for for for for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio well okay um well well well well well well well well well well well uh um okay so so uh joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody well I mean you know so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay um. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be be be be be be be be be be be wondering exactly what uh so uh um well I mean uh uh well um um um um um um um um um um um lifted logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets Faucets you know you know uh um like well um you know uh well related we we we we we we we we we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do we do we do we we we we we we we we we we we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do do do do do do do do do do do industry Trends or like um so I mean so I mean well uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean events. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so so so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we just kind of of of of of of of of of of of cover it all remember if you okay so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean well okay need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is is is is is is is is is is is the place you're going to want uh okay okay so uh so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so to head on over to you can find us at custom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom offsetscom. Also, we well you know uh um so well well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up up up up up up up up up up up you know you know um I mean I mean so I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle so so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean I mean okay like uh you know an angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking week so okay you know so so uh like uh so like yesterday was was was was was was was was was was was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay you know so okay uh us the cup of the Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile Exile boys. What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up up up up up up up up up up up what's up what's up what's up what's up introduce yourself then? Now but but but but but but but but but but but yeah, well I mean um you know um uh well so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity Mero so like um uh like um um uh uh uh Mero Beyond pain was was was was was was was was was was was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay you know like uh um so okay cells last night happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if okay uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well I mean um so you know you didn't lose brain cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let I mean like okay um so okay you know like I mean um me me me me me me me me me me me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean you know like okay okay okay and edit your podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your uh so well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like well uh well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more so okay okay you know uh well well uh like like like like like like like like like like like so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you you I mean uh okay um you know well well well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know okay I mean you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We We We We We We We We We We We okay well I mean you know uh you know well um so like all have that picture picture picture picture picture picture picture picture picture picture picture in our mind not that life. You want to live I mean like you know well well well well well well well well well well well like well well you know well like my question to you is simple. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are you currently living the life? Most people most people most people most people most people people people people people people people people people people people most people most people most people most people most people most people I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like like I mean well like so would say no. Well why why why why why why why why why why why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible so uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well so like I mean. It's too hard. It doesn't seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I I mean well um like like like like like like like like like like like um like I mean like so well don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast the the the the the the the the the the the podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for mindful people on the go okay so okay okay so um like so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life life life life life life life life life life life saving. Once upon okay like you know well um so okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay a time in Taipei. There are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are there are lived a Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent Sergent named Martin. He had received um okay um uh I mean like um like um so so so so so so so so so so so an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean uh well um so um uh well due to the peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a you know like like like like like like like like like like like so like uh I mean I mean so well well frequent flyer and and and and and and and and and and and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know um okay um uh um I mean well. On the on the on the on on on on on on on on on on on the on the on the on the on the on the on the on on on on on on on on on on on the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the the the the the the the the the the the art of empowerment podcast the art okay like uh so I mean um so like like like like like like like like like like like um okay of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our our our our our our our our our our our industry you know um okay well uh so like well okay so who are are are are are are are are are are are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a a a a a a a a a a a um like so um you know I mean like um uh I mean community that that that that that that that that that that that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean um well okay okay um. Are you are you are are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are are you are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show show show show show show show show show show show. I'm here today okay I mean so okay like um like um you you you you you you you you you you you know um with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've um well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um like um you know okay uh never called you Bethany best Ajman and and and and and and and and and and and I think I said your last name okay uh you know um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so um um like right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your your your your your your your your your your your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your your your your your your your your your your your what's your what's your what's your business your business name? And like like you know know know know know know know know know know know so um uh uh I mean um I mean yeah, let's start there. Hi, my my my my my my my my my my my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay okay you know I mean like is starboard editing and and and and and and and and and and and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to our leadership series you know okay um like um like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um well for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down down down down down down down down down down down well I mean okay well well okay so like you know so with with with with with with with with with with with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh I mean well you know you know okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay um I mean you know um uh um um um um um um um um um um um day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh okay like you know uh well. We sit we sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit we sit we sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the the the the the the the the the the the Davidson group Jackie I mean so well I mean like uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them them them them them them them them them them them being so okay I mean okay okay well you know uh so like like like like like like like like like like like in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod so okay um well you know like you know so like well. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay um you know I mean um okay well now. It was was was was was was was was was was was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so excited new new new new new new new new new new new video new um like uh you know okay okay I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a a a a a a a a a a a super uh I mean okay I mean like you know so okay okay like show show show show show show show show show show show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they they they they they they they they they they they you know um well you know like well I mean like okay like stayed with me girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um uh um like okay so my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love well okay like like I mean like um like like like like like like like like like like like um okay having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, let's I mean like so uh you know you know um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like start with AB pulp. Well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First you first you first you you you you you you you you you you you first you first you first you first you first you first you first you first first first first first first first first first first first you know I mean um so uh um so um well like of all all all all all all all all all all all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and and and and and and and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to to to to to to to to to to to our listeners around the world. It's time you know okay uh so um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know for the only podcast like at the mound mound mound mound mound mound mound mound mound mound mound rigid with your host other day, uh like uh um I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about about about about about about about about about about about the start of uh so like okay um like okay so um so any number number number number number number number number number number number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out you know know know know know know know know know know know well well you know like um okay like so okay to our great friends and partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance you know I mean um uh um like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know um so quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your your your your your your your your your your your receiving game going over to like uh well well okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training training training training training training training training training training training gloves uh I mean I mean I mean so uh uh um like so so so so so so so so so so so anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the well well well well well well well well well well well um uh I mean uh uh uh well okay well glove that was designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so like okay you know you know you know um weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh so I mean okay like I mean well I mean a a a a a a a a a a a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful um um um um um um um um um um um so so um you know okay um I mean okay okay to fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, I mean well well well um you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this this this this this this this this this this this might so well you know um I mean you know okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many many many many many many many many many many many times. So we okay so like like like okay well um so I mean now have have have have have have have have have have have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is um so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay so uh uh I mean I mean um the six-year rule in in in in in in in in in in in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It um you know uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know well well I mean you know you know states that when you enroll as as as as as as as as as as as a candidate you are making a commitment to like you know uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like well so okay you know you know becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the the the the the the the the the the the time uh I mean I mean well um uh you know okay um uh we we we we we we we we we we we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and and and and and and and and and and and around us. In fact, um uh so um I mean well um um like like like like like like like like like like like like even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because because because because because because because because because because because if you like well uh um um you know like you know I mean well break break break break break break break break break break break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um you know uh like well you know little Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They okay they okay they they they they they they they they they they they okay they okay they okay they okay they okay they okay they okay they okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay they okay okay uh like okay um um um you know I mean are a a a a a a a a a a a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is your host host host host host host host host host host host Victoria Philippi. The um so well well okay uh okay well I mean um run run run run run run run run run run run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training um so so so so so so so so so so so like well uh okay I mean um like well to reach your goals. We ask all all all all all all all all all all all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions okay uh so uh well okay well well well well well well well well well well well so so you know that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the the the the the the the the the the the inside scoop you know like I mean uh so okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh I mean like I mean I mean um well like ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast so so so so so so so so so so so like okay well um um uh so I mean like well, This podcast is for for for for for for for for for for for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know um you know well like um the secrets to Reaching Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean like uh uh I mean is an aerobic sport any athlete who who who who who who who who who who who has a previous background in a robic sports, so like uh uh like so so so so so so so so so so so well uh like well like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some um well well well well well well well well well well well um like um okay well you know you know you know have been been been been been been been been been been been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all all all all all all all all all all all I mean like like like okay okay um I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports so uh uh so like I mean like well okay okay or Esports. They They They They They They They They They They They know they know they know they know they know they know they know they know they know they they they they they they they they they they they know they know they have a solution for that and they know that um um um um um um um um um um um like you know um um um like you know like so there are people people people people people people people people people people people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening to like well so like well so uh well uh uh sports Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well so uh I mean so uh uh take feed. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us uh you know well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um you know um you know. Once again, we've got a really insightful and and and and and and and and and and and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the okay so uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay so I mean well co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, you know well I mean well um like well so so so so so so so so so so so so uh including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had had had had had had had had had had had over uh you know you know you know you know uh like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, exits, and so uh I mean so okay um I mean so you know um um um um um um um um um um um I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly like like like like like like like like like like like um you know so well okay well okay so okay. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so so so so so so so so so so so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and so um well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh you know uh I mean like author but most importantly an astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know well um so uh I mean okay Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two two two two two two two two two two two books working on a third. She's basically like the well like um uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay I mean hottest Astro bitch and the the the the the the the the the the the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some so well so you you you you you you you you you you you know like um okay uh okay uh astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire dope lady fire you can ever you know like you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know have so she is a weekly podcast stars like like like like like like like like like like like us that I just was on I mean you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well okay okay she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking through website. She just gave I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so um well well well I mean so so me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Chompers time your morning and night well I mean you know you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on on on on on on on on on on on one side and brush the um uh uh so you know I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know inside the outside and the chewing side of each each each each each each each each each each each tube. Its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines week and tonight's I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know uh so I mean well well okay like heroic woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well uh you know um well I mean I mean over America America America America America America America America America America America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, so like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh like like like you know you know she had a different name Sarah Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana uh so uh okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay like I mean you know. Sarah had a hard time making enough money money money money money money money money money money money to feed herself and her daughter uh you know well uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so uh I mean Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today today today today today today today today today today today. We uh I mean I mean uh okay you know I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like um talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you you you you you you you you you you you achieve um well you know you know you know so well I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire you know like uh like so so well okay okay like. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's do it. So ebony so ebony so ebony so ebony so ebony so ebony so so so so so so so so so so so ebony so ebony so ebony so ebony so ebony you are an equine vet and and and and and and and and and and and have been for many uh you know uh okay okay okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know like so years. Now. Did that did that did that did that did that did did did did did did did did did did did that did that did that did that did that did that spark appear very early early early early early early early early early early early on in your life or did okay okay well okay well um well okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was about 6 and yeah, well I mean okay um so um um um um um um um um um um um well like uh um it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with with with with with with with with with with with animals in general and yeah sat on um so so I mean uh well um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean so my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is Cody Wynn with the the the the the the the the the the the faith growth podcast. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope y'all are growing okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know um um okay okay okay so in your faith some from this this this this this this this this this this this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't say so like okay so um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um you know um anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you okay well so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like uh uh you know loved us then that would be so sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet of you. If you could smash you know I mean like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know okay so uh the Subscribe button, it means a a a a a a a a a a a lot to us and it gets the message out uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well like okay okay to more people with the way the the the the the the the the the the the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce uh I mean well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like so I mean my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great great great great great great great great great great great. Uh-huh. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, and you'll work on like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay like so um I mean uh this entry. We need need need need need need need need need need need we need we need we need we need we need we need we need we need need need need need need need need need need need we need we need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are are are are are are are are are are are probably so well um you know so well like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know I mean I mean like so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and and and and and and and and and and and you know um I mean you know well well well you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you you you you you you you you you you you guys haven't heard okay so okay I mean uh well you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay so of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and and and and and and and and and and and I mean so um um you know I mean you know uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your you know well like so you know okay so so well okay podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well well um like I mean well uh you know. And once you make your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, like okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay so uh like so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank like so so um okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know know know know know know know know know know know me as I mean I mean you know well um like well okay like like tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a a a a a a a a a a a you know so so uh well well so you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that that that that that that that that that that that there well uh well I mean you know so okay okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon okay okay um okay uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like uh. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for for for for for for for for for for for the podcast in which so I mean well um um uh um well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to to to to to to to to to to to be about for those um well like so well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a a a a a a a a a a a little bit about our uh um so um well uh um um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we we we we we we we we we we we get you know I mean so like well okay I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like well okay you know um um like stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh um well you know and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric so um well well well well well well well well well well well so um okay uh okay I mean like McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all all all all all all all all all all all around great guy Avid baseball fan and um well okay uh um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really really really really really really really really really really really cover, you know, okay okay okay okay uh well um uh um you know some some some some some some some some some some some solid tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um so I mean well you know uh okay okay and and and and and and and and and and and how they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress well well well well well well well well well well well well uh so well like um you know okay I mean in their career how how how how how how how how how how how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um uh like you know bigger and ours and work with a a a a a a a a a a a and ours at labels as well. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so this okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know so well well you know well is a great one one one one one one one one one one one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean you know I mean okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean well you know so so okay uh I mean out out out out out out out out out out out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R um like like like um okay I mean you know like okay at Warner Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep uh like like like like like like like like like like like so okay so I mean you know you know uh uh this So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the next episode of on your mark on on on on on on on on on on on the Barker media Network so I mean um you know uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um um um uh. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great great great great great great great great great great great show in store for well uh um uh you know um um okay um um um um um um um um um um um like you today. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to dive into into into into into into into into into into into the world of Animation. We're going to I mean so um so so uh um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an an an an an an an an an an an amazing guest with me okay uh uh like you know you know well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say say say say say say say say say say say hi to everybody um I mean I mean uh uh okay okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on on on on on on on on on on on um like like well well you know um uh uh so the podcast and and and and and and and and and and and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh I mean like uh I mean talk about animated animated animated animated animated animated animated animated animated animated animated films. So we so we so we so we so we so we so so so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we thought this would be you you you you you you you you you you you know, the perfect uh um okay I mean so I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the the show okay you know uh so so okay you know so okay so. Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean well um um you know like I mean uh to me for for for for for for for for for for for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay like you know uh well well um I mean social media Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience like okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay okay you know like trumps everything actually created a a a a a a a a a a a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the so the so the so the so the so so so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so the concept of not skipping well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um um like okay you know well a step not skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you so okay okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like like so okay well um plan on mastering anything in this world, world, world, world, world, world, world, world, world, world, world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean okay you know well experience. There is nothing there is no no no no no no no no no no no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um I mean you know okay um um well well last night night night night night night night night night night night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um like well um well a waste of time of of of of of of of of of of of us trying to win so we can get a higher like I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh well um like like spot. What does it matter? We're not not not not not not not not not not not going to get the first but anyway, so um so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay uh um okay it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back back back back back back back back back back back on us you know so you know okay so so like so okay like besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald Ronald like I mean you know okay well um uh so like like Acuna jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for um um um um um um um um um um um like well I mean so you know so uh um so a hundred and sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I okay um well well well well well well well well well well well you know like okay okay I mean well so had this card for $125 for the the the the the the the the the the the longest time and I took it off because um I mean well okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like um um I was afraid that of exactly this and something something something something something something something something something something something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you like you know like like uh I mean um okay uh so so much much much much much much much much much much much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh uh I mean so like head over to our website dear skate skate skate skate skate skate skate skate skate skate skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some okay well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so like you know okay pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a a a a a a a a a a a couple up or even go um like you know I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like okay to our patreon page and see what how you can can can can can can can can can can can support us monthly. We love bringing you well well um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh I mean you know awesome content just as much As you like listening to to to to to to to to to to to it enjoy the I mean uh like so you know uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I I I I I I I I I I I hope you brought your well uh uh well well so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys you guys you guys you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are are are are are are are are are are are tuned into in the um you know like like uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in in in in in in in in in in in and I mean you know like um I mean so so I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so well um uh I mean I mean you know thank you so much much much much much much much much much much much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of okay okay you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay I mean I mean in the woods with EDSA. So So So So So So So So So So So bear with us and we plan to well um I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know like like get better at each one of these that we we we we we we we we we we we do we also plan to have okay I mean um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so like a lot of different different guest on the the the the the the the the the the the show each week. We have a trio of like well like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay so different co-hosts that are going to be going to to to to to to to to to to to be helping out and joining okay uh um you know so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix Hendrix man, how I mean uh so you know so okay like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean are you? What was going on? Everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just just just just just just just just just just just everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just just just just just just just just just here to well uh you know like um well okay okay well okay let you you you you you you you you you you you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know well okay well so um you know online. If If If If If If If If If If If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way um so so so so so so so so so so so um okay like okay okay so uh like to make a podcast. It gives it it it it it it it it it it it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives it gives it gives it gives you everything you need in one place for for for for for for for for for for for free, which so you know you know like okay uh I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so like you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to to to to to to to to to to to uh um uh you know well well so you know um you know record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute they'll distribute your like you know so you know um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay well well podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts you know um so so uh I mean you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum okay so well um well well you know so so you know listenership. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so like like I mean I mean uh well uh Vinny setup. You You You You You You You You You You You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast addressing probably so I mean I mean um so well so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time time time time time time time time time time time Now if okay you know you know well like uh um so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put put put put put put put put put put put um well like like okay like I mean I mean um like but if you you you you you you you you you you you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay um I mean okay okay well um doesn't make sense for me me me me me me me me me me me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh okay uh so so you know NFL for just about 20 years years years years years years years years years years years spent it all with one team just doesn't make well you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know I mean uh um sense for me to it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make uh like okay um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay well like sense to me for this man the go out and and and and and and and and and and and play for another team at um you know okay I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so okay so well okay 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um so I mean you know well okay okay okay you going going going going going going going going going going going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F I fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI fI mean okay okay uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so like uh I mean m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free free free free free free free free free free free just download the free well uh so um okay so so um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on on on on on on on on on on on your way to well you know uh um I mean like well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay your own podcast. You can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can have fun. You can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about whatever you want like so so well uh so like okay uh well to to to to to to to to to to to talk about on your own podcast. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can make it it it it it it it it it it it by whatever you want well you know like I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free free free free free free free free free free free. Once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once once once once once once once once once once once again, once again, once again, once again, go um like like okay well um um um um um um um um um um um like uh well like to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m-- in you like so you know uh like I mean okay well like like like like like like like like like like like uh on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about about anchor I mean uh so you know okay uh I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean you know so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um um um um um um um um um um um like like like uh so uh I mean so well anchor will distribute our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it could be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple so so you know so I mean I mean you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no uh um um well I mean I mean okay uh like I mean minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know so so um um you know well. So download so so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download download download download so download so download so download the anchor app. For your phone or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor FM.com to get um okay um so I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um um um um um started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about a you know you know um you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh so meme and it's not just a meme in the the the the the the the the the the the sense of an image. It's an you know uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know um well I mean uh idea that people have and we're going going going going going going going going going going going to look into it understand that nothing. I well um okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know I mean uh like say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam alongside Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside Adam alongside Adam Kaplan Adam so like like you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh so. It's going to be our second free agency show because people people people people people people people people people people people can't get enough free like okay uh you know like okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know um uh so like like you know um like we should really take take take take take take take take take take take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast um like like like like like like like like like like like you know well uh okay okay okay I mean uh when we came back from from from from from from from from from from from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did like okay so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know um well you know our free agency preview from there and and and and and and and and and and and then it just exploded. So obviously we like I mean you know like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh um both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the the the the the the the the the the the Byron Jones scoop like okay I mean you know um so so okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're really happy that we got great feedback on it it it it it it it it it it it and that people like um like um uh you know so like um okay really really really really really really really really really really really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but but but but but but but but but uh uh well well I mean uh so so so like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one one one one one one one one one one one like I mean uh well so uh okay like like I mean three two two two two two two two two two two two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How so you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay okay well I mean so uh um are we gonna get through this this this this this this this this this this this as a group? I think I think that all I mean I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um um you know so um you know I mean hate mail to at Monday. No, you you you you you you you you you you you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you no, you no, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um okay like okay uh so I mean I mean where they they they they they they they they they they they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like like like like like like like like like like like you know um well like okay um so well I mean I mean Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out it's out it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's out it's out it's out it's out it's out it's out it's out it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's out it's out of order well I mean I mean like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um like well you know. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my my my my my my my my my my my life. It is ruining your I mean uh you know well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know so well well life. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do do do do do do do do do do do well I mean um um okay like okay okay you know um. Wait. So So So So So So So So So So So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay so like uh uh uh so which are you like medieval don't you you you you you you you you you you you I do. What about war? What about like like okay like you know well like like like like like like like like like like like well okay okay uh well guns big fan of shooter games? I guess I I I I I I I I I I I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how how how we like um um okay okay um like like well okay do it here here here here here here here here here here here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know um okay um I mean like well m-- recording platform super easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's uh there's uh there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh there's uh uh so uh uh so um uh um like creation tools to allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone like uh well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean or a computer check out anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m or Download the free anchor well okay uh uh uh okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean app to get started. This segment this segment this segment this this this this this this this this this this this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is is is is is is is is is is is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in um well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh okay okay so doubt get the jig out go to jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 uh you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well so um so um well and save 20 percent off your next next next next next next next next next next next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of of of of of of of of of of of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a so I mean uh so like you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh okay I mean bear and lower the tone all things FPL related related related related related related related related related related related this week folks. We I we I we I we I we I we I we we we we we we we we we we we I we I we I we I we I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean um well you know are going to take you on on on on on on on on on on on a journey blank to the Future and before so okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know okay like you and ask where we are going. You You You You You You You You You You You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't need green arrows and that's a a a a a a a a a a a uh uh you know well you know um um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not not not not not not not not not not not in uh well like I mean like um you know okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay like okay you know um um uh I mean Past tear tear tear tear tear tear tear tear tear tear tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, um well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know okay uh like so so well too. 80s film references and of course course course course course course course course course course course I'm talking about the likes of a um uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like well you know well Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many okay you know okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so so ways he could be considered a precursor to to to to to to to to to to to America's Alonso. And of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of of of of of and of and of and of and of and of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing like so you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh well so well well episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one one one one one one one one one one one of our newest patreon um you know like you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know patrons today Sergio and I are going to go go go go go go go go go go go over the week's countdown questions talk about you know okay okay like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like well you know uh all the new information. We learned we learned we we we we we we we we we we we learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we we we we we we we we we we we learned we learned from PAX East and there will be a very special you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean okay well okay I mean um I mean interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay I mean uh I mean so uh well Horizons at PAX East East East East East East East East East East East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing you know know know know know know know know know know know so um so I mean you know you know okay uh okay pretty awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in but in but in in in in in in in in in in in but in but in but in but in but in but in but in but but but but but but but but but but but in terms of well so I mean well uh um uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so so Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of of of of of of of of of of of news you know I mean like uh you know so okay um like like and then then then then then then then then then then then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um like like I mean like so I mean album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, and welcome back to my my my my my my my my my my my podcast. First of all, I want to say okay you know so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um well like well um thank you a very very big thank you for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in today. I am going to well um so so um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's very close to my heart so I mean so uh well like uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you you you you you you you you you you you know my um um you know uh um like like um I mean um needed needed needed needed needed needed needed needed needed needed needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a um well well well well well well well well well well well um you know um um uh so okay like lot of people have been been been been been been been been been been been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so so I mean well uh um Aven. I hope everyone had a a a a a a a a a a a great week. First off. I just want to say well um I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know so so uh um okay thank you to everyone who has been supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on you know uh um like um okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well like Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community community community community community community community community community community community around this podcast. So thank so thank so thank so thank so thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank um well well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean well like uh well like you to everyone today today today today today today today today today today today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier League uh okay uh um I mean well uh um uh so action and the repercussions of of of of of of of of of of of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so you know uh you know you know well story of the the the the the the the the the the the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a okay you know like okay so you know so like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against against against against against against against against against against against so I mean like so well you know uh uh so so walk further team is is is is is is is is is is is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay so well so I mean like of the relegation zone. So I I I I I I I I I I I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social um so so so so so so so so so so so um so okay like um okay you know well media a weekly social media podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation you know okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well you know um well uh okay and learnings to help you and your brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm um well so well um uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working working working working working working working working working working working on a brand okay well um um I mean um like uh you know like new new new new new new new new new new new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't we can't we we we we we we we we we we we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we we we we we we we we we we we can't wait to you know okay so so uh so I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We We We We We We We We We We We wanted to well uh um well I mean okay um so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most most most most most most most most most most most um so so like um well okay well um you know essential skills for a marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts um you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay like well well and especially on social media in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We'll give you the tools to write okay uh you know so okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a so so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay um so you know okay okay uh daily devotional where we we we we we we we we we we we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so well so so like you know with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that that that that that that that that that that that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in um like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean um I mean uh 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 um well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay I mean um well um today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if okay you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um okay like um the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed. We have a building so you know uh so okay well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for for for for for for for for for for for okay uh okay well like okay I mean so so okay in this tent we we we we we we we we we we we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by like you know like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean you know um you know uh well putting it on we may may may may may may may may may may may not be found naked for while we are still in like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean okay like like you know this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going what's going what's going what's going on guys before we get started started started started started started started started started started started on today's episode. I want so you know okay okay I mean um well like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use use use use use use use use use use use well you know you know you know um uh um so uh like to record record record record record record record record record record record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um okay um so so well free and it allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your so um well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh like uh okay uh okay podcast straight from your phone or computer that that that that that that that that that that that allows you to record with friends well so okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh well I mean as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and and and and and and and and and and and go will then distribute you know well I mean like okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well I mean your podcast for you so I can be heard on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify app like uh okay like so well uh well uh well a a a a a a a a a a a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast um um um um um um um um um um um well uh I mean like uh so well I mean like with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so I mean you know so okay okay um download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to you know uh okay um uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want want want want want want want want want want want to let you you know like so so like okay um like well okay guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right right right right right right right right right right right so uh okay uh you know um so you know uh I mean now now now now now now now now now now now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's just you know um uh okay okay so you know um uh like the the the the the the the the the the the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the for the for the for the for the for the for the for for for for for for for for for for for the for the for the for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you you you you you you you you you you you by teach data, we so like uh um so I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources resources resources resources resources resources resources resources resources resources resources for their okay well uh uh so so uh you know so well classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean um well you know well like uh so. Thanks so thanks so thanks so so so so so so so so so so so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so so so so so so so so so so so thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate please rate please rate please rate please rate and you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um I mean okay I mean like I mean like review us us us us us us us us us us us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have so have have have have have have have have have have have so have so have so have so have so have so have so have so so so so so so so so so so so have so have so okay you know so you know okay uh um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who who who who who who who who who who who is has used you know you know I mean well okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh uh this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful students she's a huge fan like um okay um okay so like like like like like like like like like like like like like you know of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her her her her her her her her her her her Instagram page the okay okay I mean uh okay so well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students students students students students students students students students students students I mean okay I mean um I mean like uh like well so. My students students students students students students students students students students students came to school on the second day and they were like, like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well um um when are we doing daily 5 and that that that that that that that that that that that for me I was just sold so so well well uh like so like like like like like like like like like like like um okay you know I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are are are are are are are are are you? you know I mean well like uh okay I mean so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, well well well well well well well well well well well well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well well well well well well well well well well well well, well well, well well, well okay I mean like um you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean so I told you we can't keep doing that. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a conflict of interest. Oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like well you know I mean you know your mind out of of of of of of of of of of of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I I I I I I I I I I I anyway, I anyway, I you know um I mean uh you know uh well like like like like like like like like like like like so like saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the the the the the the the the the the the foreign exchange uh um well well so I mean I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty. Package um you know okay okay okay well so so I mean so for for for for for for for for for for for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why why why why why why why why why why why I mean okay like well um well you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know okay I mean uh um uh okay them in in in in in in in in in in in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um like so I mean you know you know 20 minutes later scored a a a a a a a a a a a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay well well okay I mean well point is the kids a stud stud stud stud stud stud stud stud stud stud stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her um um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well uh so up for a pack of pens in in in in in in in in in in in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think okay um um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know okay um chili dog will be a great fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit in the halls of our school and coming I mean okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay so okay to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this this this this this this this this this this this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco you know okay uh so so you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean um Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you you you you you you you you you you you guys the Jack Welsh passed uh okay uh well okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an an an an an an an an an an an amazing person with a beautiful okay um um uh I mean so okay well um you you you you you you you you you you you know leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about about about about about about about about about about about the like um uh so um you know okay so you know um people you put put put put put put put put put put put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with you guys like like like like like like like like like like like you know um so I mean I mean like you know so so. The The The The The The The The The The The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay well um you know um um okay Super Ten and it's because because because because because because because because because because because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay like uh so uh uh all about what we have built and where where where where where where where where where where where we were going. He's other he's other he's other he's other he's other he's other other other other other other other other other other other he's other he's other he's other he's other he's other portion uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean okay you know like okay you know um of his leadership is scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming um okay okay well uh uh uh you know okay so up today. And for me, I I I I I I I I I I I stress it that period in my life. I okay you know you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so you know like bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority could not stand it. And so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so if well well well well well well well well well well well well so okay uh you know um okay well um any teacher a male male male male male male male male male male male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so I mean uh so um like be making more black art art art art art art art art art art art. Are you should be making more black looking things you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well well you know so um okay. I would just feel said that. Yes, this this this this this this this this this this this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this well okay okay uh I mean um like well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose juxtapose. This is the first well like so I mean well like um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um I mean uh um well I mean um Armory show in New New New New New New New New New New New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know like okay I mean like days to check check check check check check check check check check check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean I mean well I mean so managed to NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom uh so so so so so so so so so so so well you know uh uh I mean um like I mean you're listening to to to to to to to to to to to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh I mean you know you know so you know. Thank you you you you you you you you you you you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay uh okay you know um you know uh so this is your first first first first first first first first first first first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the so uh um um um um um um um um um um um like so you know I mean so uh like fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What What What What What What What What What What What if you don't like to listen to rules or like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um so um um obey them you can continue to listen to it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, but you should pour well well okay so so well so you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record record record record record record record record record okay like like okay like okay so I mean so like my podcast episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I so you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know like uh I mean I mean absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make like so I mean like uh um you know like like uh a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like um uh uh well and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or a computer anchor will even so uh um I mean like um you you you you you you you you you you you know um so I mean distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and uh you know you know like um well well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean many more you can even make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay I mean well I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean you need to make a podcast in one place. All you all all all all all all all all all all all you all you all you all you all you all you all you all you you you you you you you you you you you all you all you have to do is I mean well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so like um you know you know you know download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean like like well like uh. I got a question about extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something something something something something something something something something something something right now. If you haven't heard you know I mean you know uh so okay so so so so so so so so so so so um um uh about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if if if if if if if if if if if like uh um I mean so like you know well um you know you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean um like okay so um so I mean I will elaborate first first first first first first first first first first first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's um you know so like okay so so so so so so so so so so so um um okay I mean creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone like okay okay uh so well well well well well well well well well well well well like um okay or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already I already I I I I I I I I I I I already I already I already I already I already I already I already I already already already already already already already already already already already I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so you know so okay um um you know it from my phone. In In In In In In In In In In In addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition in addition in addition in addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like you know well okay so um distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay okay okay um like you know more row many more more more more more more more more more more more dude. You'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be getting your clout and your coin coin coin coin coin coin coin coin coin coin coin you can uh like okay uh uh uh I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me me me me me me me me me me me because well you know I mean like uh uh well you know like you know I I I I I I I I I I I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know so you know um you know like so make in a a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning and night toothbrushing show uh okay I mean okay um well well um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all uh well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like um like uh well you know the way around each tube three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have like have like have have have have have have have have have have have like have like have like have like have like have like have like have like like like like like like like like like like like have like you know so uh well um okay so you know okay you ever heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn Bridge is a a a a a a a a a a a giant bridge in um you know uh so I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from from from from from from from from from from from like so like well well uh like uh okay uh all over the world come come come come come come come come come come come to New York each year and take pictures of so well well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like like like I mean well it. And one of the main people who who who who who who who who who who who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John John John John John John John John John John John so uh you know um okay so well so like well Hopkins database. So So So So So So So So So So So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um um um so well like seven cases worldwide 300. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know like okay I mean you know. We have now passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with uh so like um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay okay uh well well six deaths all happening in Washington, which is is is is is is is is is is is interesting that we haven't had any deaths you know like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so so uh so in California. And so there might be be be be be be be be be be be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh uh well well like um okay well from our villains podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end so uh well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean uh you know um so like of the 1920s. He He He He He He He He He He He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so um so like you know well so the criminal underworld to hear more episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean well you know you know wherever you get your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. On the on the on the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the the the the the on the on the on the on the bank of the Hudson River North of like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean like uh okay well I mean okay so New York City sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay so um you know okay I mean so so April 1921. The The The The The The The The The The The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know so um I mean you know uh I mean there for for for for for for for for for for for Life others for death by that time. The electric the electric the electric the the the the the the the the the the the electric the electric the electric the electric the electric the electric the electric the electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is is is is that is that is that is that a break up break up? I think we we we we we we we we we we we have a situation right here you know um uh I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like you know um. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that that that that that that that that that that that touches on breakup stories that people like uh like well okay so so um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that that that that that that that that that that that they learned from their okay um well um you know so you know like um um um um um um um um um um um like experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given given given given given given given given given given given the lesson uh okay well um you know uh okay I mean okay like behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in now in now in now in now now now now now now now now now now now in now in now in now in now in now in now in this this this this this this this this this this this episode. We are um well okay well you know um I mean so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean outside the great city of London. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not not not not not not not not not not not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not going to say exactly where you know uh you know well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like um like but it is hella windy here. What is happening here here here here here here here here here here here with the weather. Lord well uh well okay like you know well like like like like like like like like like like like well so knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit and stuff. People kind so um so well well I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to to to to to to to to to to to this. How'd I mean okay uh okay you know okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's raise yourself. Let's you know um like like well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been been been been been been been been been been been in the making well uh like you know you know um uh uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our our our our our our our our our our our listeners some additional content um well you know well so well you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some some some some some some some some some some some of the most you know uh I mean well well um well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're exploring the most fascinating okay like you know okay you know so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected short clips you know you know you know well you know okay so so um um um um um um um um um um um well from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, um you know um well so like uh you know I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so like um so uh I mean like is you can can can can can can can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um uh I mean so so like you know um to to to to to to to to to to to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know well uh uh like you know uh description today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh so I mean uh um you know I mean and John which which which which which which which which which which which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean I mean uh like uh you know um be understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were like like like like like like like like like like like you know well okay you know I mean you know well um like very different different different different different different different different different different different in regards to how people lived. So most so most so most so most most most most most most most most most most most so most so most so most so most so most so most so most people in in in in in in in in in in in England lived well you know like okay well um uh so well I mean and and and and and and and and and and and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh okay like um so I mean life was at actually a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant so so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like well uh you know struggle to survive and live tended to be be be be be be be be be be be very short for so for those people uh you know uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh so I mean uh within a medieval village, you're looking at a life life life life life life life life life life life expectancy as low as 25 and well uh um um like you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know um you know if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village village village village village village village village village village village was all based around one okay you know you know so I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um like okay so concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of like like like like like like like like like like like well like well I mean like well okay I mean well Brawn and brains brains brains brains brains brains brains brains brains brains brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His well okay like like like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh I mean okay you know name is Zach so up, but but but but but but but but but but but you may know him as the Nittany Lion well uh well like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay well I mean so I actually knew a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about Zach before this year before you know like like um okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay you know he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around around around around around around around around around around around the College of IST, which so like I mean okay so um so okay um um um um um um um um um um um um I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our our our our our our our our our our our major. So I like like um um um uh well so okay okay had a little little little little little little little little little little little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of like well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know well you know uh okay I mean people have have have have have have have have have have have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a a a a a a a a a a a like like I mean like you know you know like well you know so Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a a a a a a a a a a a few well well okay like okay I mean um so um you know months ago during during during during during during during during during during during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool okay uh so um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay uh uh um like. You want to give us a little introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is well you know um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know like uh so like Zach. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having having having having having having having having having having having the like well I mean well okay well like like like well massively same put you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but of so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh well I mean you know like a Bruce Springsteen Born in in in in in in in in in in in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um like uh okay well be in America about a cat America America America America America America America America America America America and this week. I'm you know, if like okay well okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh like you know you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna go on to talk about that okay you know I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know uh shortly. It's light its which and big old old old old old old old old old old old Mitch and we've got quite a okay like okay so okay you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh like lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always always always always always always always always always always always do I mean okay like like so like uh okay like uh talking about about about about about about about about about about about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh like um you know you know a voice and and and and and and and and and and and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know well you know so well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and and and and and and and and and and and tools uh like so um okay well you know well okay like you need to to to to to to to to to to to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well um like well um dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this this this this this this this this this this this baby up. So I want to okay okay um uh I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked really okay you know like um uh so well so okay well effectively over the past past past past past past past past past past past year. And that and that and that and that and that and that and that that that that that that that that that that that and that and that and that and that is using this podcast as a a a a a a a a a a a so like um you know like uh I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really really really really really really really really really really really uh like uh um you know I mean okay I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to to to to to to to to to to to share. Whatever uh so well I mean well okay uh okay so like is is is is is is is is is is is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean well uh so you know I mean like name. Is he talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the um well well uh so um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well so bottom of the mood about to analyze the the the the the the the the the the the first Clause of the mishnah after the okay like like like well uh well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these these these these these these these these these these these sticks his okay well you know I mean okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well hand into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball by okay so so um I mean okay uh like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and like like like like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean you know so well like like then D is is is is is is is is is is is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean okay um okay so well be they're not Kira want want want want want want want want want want want to come here. I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give him a call call call call call call call call call call call Marble well like you know so um I mean I mean well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts you know like well okay uh um so like like you know. One act is is is is is is is is is is is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um well well well um well um of rest then to is traversing which which which which which which which which which which which is to either transfer it over a domain okay like um well you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry, and I'm Joe like like I mean uh okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so so, um, uh so I mean okay so you know you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist. And okay um well um so um okay you know well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in well okay um um um um um um um um um um um so okay uh so okay um uh Westford, and I just hope people feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel better and just be able to move and so you know okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay uh okay have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about what I do. I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this this this this this this this this this this this podcast comes to uh so well so you know uh um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay be. Remember. I started I started I started I started I started I I I I I I I I I I I started I started I started I started I started I started just on YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube, but I knew that I needed so well uh so you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well well okay to get on audio. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast um um like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well um I mean producer. How do how do how do how do do do do do do do do do do do how do how do how do how do how do how do how do I I I I I I I I I I I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so I mean uh so um it's the easiest way you can get a a a a a a a a a a a podcast on the Internet. It's also free so I mean uh uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like so okay okay well. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer and all so okay uh well uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so well okay in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so so so so so so so so so so so it can uh so so well I mean um okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can can can can can can can can can can can like so you know I mean okay uh okay okay so um make money money money money money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You um like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay well okay you know you know like can make money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast okay okay okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean I mean well um all in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know I mean um uh uh are joined. Once again by by by by by by by by by by by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special I mean um um like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay so so episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through through through through through through through through through through through the chronological so so okay well you know uh well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We We We We We We We We We We We interviewed. And I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I mean you know so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know like so I mean since it was the second time we we we we we we we we we we we had him on we'd already covered well um um like uh like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know his career. And so I got to talk about a a a a a a a a a a a lot of things okay like um uh I mean um okay um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of you know uh well well so um well okay well you know Yanni's Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a um um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean uh I mean like um you know you know couple topics one one one one one one one one one one one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State um uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like um well um so well title High School in New York. And so we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked a little bit about that I mean so you know well like okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh like and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing he's competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing he's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all all all all all all all all all all all my uh I mean uh well like so um um um okay mother. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into well well you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay um like like um well my bathroom while I was showering showering showering showering showering showering showering showering showering showering showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap so you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know well so so I mean like with me. Yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of of of of of of of of of of of like boundaries. So you know so like so uh so okay like okay uh my mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, well so like like like like like like like like like like like um uh I mean okay okay you know so right and instead I would be be be be be be be be be be be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm like like like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know I mean um I mean not true. Dentist all absent absent absent absent absent absent absent absent absent absent absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a you know so well well well well well well well well well well well um like okay you know you know okay well mirror right across from my my my my my my my my my my my back to our it was like a glass shower well so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like well you know well well well. So it's like how can vulnerability be be be be be be be be be be be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah like I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean okay you know uh uh. She got she got she got she she she she she she she she she she she got she got she got she got she got she got she got she she she she she she she she she she she got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you for joining well okay uh uh like well like like like like like like like like like like like so you know so me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you you you you you you you you you you you it was not you know like um so I mean like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for for for for for for for for for for for my health and you know I mean well um okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well well okay lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order order order order order order order order order order order for the journey so so uh like you know well well uh I mean okay ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, I mean like um uh um well well well well well well well well well well well so uh well um you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you you you you you you you you you you you know, you have to collaborate I mean um you know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh and do all those great things. But there's also the the the the the the the the the the the part of you doing uh okay so okay uh uh um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know so uh you know you know like well um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we we we we we we we we we we we just hope well um well well okay well like like uh like that you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and and and and and and and and and and and their four year old um you know uh okay like you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get get get get get get get get get get get any worse, uh well okay like uh uh like well well so no one one one one one one one one one one one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick brick brick brick brick brick brick brick brick brick brick of I mean okay so well um uh I mean so like like murders and and and and and and and and and and and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um okay um um you know well murders every Tuesday follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of okay well um um um um um um um um um um um like so uh like um you know well history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um okay like well um to podcasts. Due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised uh uh like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well okay okay okay this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder and assault including the like I mean you know well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so you know like violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the the the the the the the the the podcast like well you know um uh okay you know I mean okay uh. Hello, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you you you you you you you you you you you by neht and um so I mean well you know so so you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we we we we we we we we we we we asked uh I mean uh okay I mean okay okay well okay um um um um um um um um um um um whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider you know uh I mean uh I mean um okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also also also also also also also also also also also this um so well you know I mean like so um well um um um um um um um um um um um Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging content and revealing uh uh like you know uh okay you know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will will will will will will will will will will will uh okay I mean um okay you know um um I mean uh be be be be be be be be be be be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well you know so like you know so of a number number number number number number number number number number number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean I mean um so you know at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about about about about about about about about about about about the okay so uh okay well um you know like um so fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know I mean you know so I mean um about today. So I I I I I I I I I I I hope you enjoy. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to biology for bastards teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching biology and like okay okay okay um um I mean so okay well the most most most most most most most most most most most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host John Doe D. Thanks you know so well like you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one one one one one one one one one one one chapter at a time this okay you know so I mean you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh um week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance uh um well uh so so well well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the the the the the the the the the the the new okay well okay um so well well you know okay you know season season season season season season season season season season season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia you know like um like so so I mean so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware that um well you know okay like well I mean you know like um she's dating a a a a a a a a a a a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well I mean um like uh okay okay well sells naked photos of herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she I mean so you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know um you know well uh I mean has content. That's a that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a that's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay well like uh like okay uh uh though as Stephanie took took took took took took took took took took took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states um like um um um um um um um um um um um um well uh okay I mean well so that she is not ashamed of this content content content content content content content content content content content and that having the patron has so I mean okay um so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean okay financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and and and and and and and and and and and it's also helped her income in so like like you know uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like okay general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a a a a a a a a a a a writer a content I mean um uh like uh so like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to to to to to to to to to to to love whoever I want well okay well well um you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am not definable good for you girl. A A A A A A A A A A A woman should be allowed to I mean uh okay like um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus. So okay well uh so you know um well so um you know not just just just just just just just just just just just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite um like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay like well uh okay you know so you who's that guy next to to to to to to to to to to to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick so um uh so so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know like uh uh and Mark. I am your host Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy okay okay like so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well um. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler your part-time host you know so um like well like uh well like you you you you you you you you you you you know. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you you you you you you you you you you you I mean you know uh um well uh so like um I mean guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh uh so like like okay I mean showed the chemistry but marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it like so like you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like okay you know was there be but it was there. We We We We We We We We We We We took the we just say major well so you know um um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know um so so we had all the same classes together and decide decide decide decide decide decide decide decide decide decide decide to sit by each other you know so um um so uh uh um so so so so so so so so so so so you know and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree planter um I mean uh you know so well uh um you know um art art art art art art art art art art art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I mean I mean you know so you know um okay illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh like I mean you know so okay well practice in the Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh okay I mean uh like I mean spend much of their lives replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree however tree however tree however tree however however however however however however however however however however however tree however tree however tree however tree however tree however tree however tree planting planting planting planting planting planting planting planting planting planting planting okay um so okay you know I mean you know like you know well well well well well well well well well well well is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean like like well um you know like the ground day day day day day day day day day day day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well you know well like you know like you know bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to to to to to to to to to to to shed well um you know like like well uh I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean you know uh I mean um okay um shovel in the ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things well well like well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know um I mean tree planting as a place for those to to to to to to to to to to to reminisce relate more to learn. So uh um I mean um like so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so uh wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um you know I mean um well you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in today's episode. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about what what what what what what what what what what what products you should not drop ship okay you know okay so so well well like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into into into into into into into into into into into e-commerce or build you know well well well um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well a new store or launch a new product line. There are are are are are are are are are are are three different levels uh um okay so like like um you know um so so so so so so so so so so so of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products products products products products products products products products products products. Now, like like like I mean well um okay like so so the first first first first first first first first first first first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of so um you you you you you you you you you you you know like um um like so okay um products do you want to to to to to to to to to to to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well uh you know like so um I mean move to the supplier level and and and and and and and and and and and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones okay so I mean well so you you you you you you you you you you you know well well I mean um. You actually you actually you actually you actually you you you you you you you you you you you actually you actually you actually you actually you actually you actually you actually want want want want want want want want want want want to work with if you want to make money doing this okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know okay like I mean like and then finally the deepest level level level level level level level level level level level is the product level. So what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what so what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to well well so um um okay um okay you know okay share share share share share share share share share share share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um so like okay like levels to make sure you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay like like uh I mean well one of these stores and and and and and and and and and and and actually build a real business now before we get into like I mean well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know like um it, I should let you know know know know know know know know know know know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for for for for for for for for for for for you so well uh like so um uh um I mean okay to get more life life life life life life life life life life life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results from well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like okay um so uh okay the inside out. Our workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh I mean well um post-workout Track by technology. So you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you can monitor your results in real time. Each you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean so um you know um so you know workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know like well okay well you know okay uh under train. So what what what what what what what what what what what are you currently doing to get more life out of okay so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so you know I mean well I mean your your your your your your your your your your your workout? That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what OTF Milford and this Seek to to to to to to to to to to to help you with so like so okay um so I mean well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach coach you know so so uh um um um well like um Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to to to to to to to to to to to okay uh okay I mean I mean so like uh so well help help help help help help help help help help help you fall asleep. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I started this podcast because because because because because because because because because because because I've had trouble falling um well um um I mean uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay asleep and I found that over the years when I I I I I I I I I I I listen to the word so well like uh like uh like well uh well well well well well well well well well well well of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean so okay uh uh you know so And so as you you you you you you you you you you you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It let It It It It It It It It It It It let It let It let It let It let It let It let It It It It It It It It It It It let It let It Be I mean um I mean uh I mean like uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to to to to to to to to to to to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and get and get and and and and and and and and and and and get and get and get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like like like like like like like like like like like this. Hey, you so like uh I mean so like like um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you you you you you you you you you you you text K out so okay like um uh I mean okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Light it okay so so okay uh okay you know so like okay on on on on on on on on on on on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was well so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um you know you know like like um like braised. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list like well um well so so so so so so so so so so so um well I mean I mean uh given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on okay so well okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so uh like this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything through borderline. But I love um okay like um like like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like okay friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it it it it it it it it it it it album coming soon so so I mean so um okay like okay uh so everybody. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so you know you know uh okay like you know tweetin and and and and and and and and and and and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean okay well I mean well. Any you're any you're any any any any any any any any any any any you're any you're any you're any you're any you're any you're any you're any you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is that is that that that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is is is is that is that is a okay well uh so you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know well you know spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell ya. All right. Well, it has uh I mean like um so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like to start with the club because covid always starts it with the the the the the the the the the the the club. Welcome like like okay okay I mean like well well so you know back. Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the um um um um um um um um um um um okay so you know okay uh okay you know well okay American Collegiate raw circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we well okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like um um okay okay have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? up up up up up up up up up up Oh God. That was so hot you know so you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like uh so I mean somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone that was well okay so so okay uh so so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is is is is is is is is is is is a UCSD well okay I mean uh okay um I mean you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in in in in in in in in in in in Seattle. So shravan so shravan so shravan so shravan so shravan so shravan so so so so so so so so so so so shravan so shravan so shravan so shravan so shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did like like like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean okay okay I mean uh um um you ever take take take take take take take take take take take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no so um like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay so you know um um uh prior knowledge of the planned assault on on on on on on on on on on on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply sorry for my okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like I mean you know you know so okay like irresponsible and selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops like like well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean like uh uh the podcast we are joined as always by by by by by by by by by by by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and you know like like so okay well like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 so okay um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well so um minutes ago, but I came in with my PR PR PR PR PR PR PR PR PR PR PR person my lighting crew my director my like I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh so okay I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did did did did did did did did did did did this Andrew Collins to but uh so okay like okay so like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I so so so so so so so so so so so um uh uh uh well you know well like so walked in and he told told told told told told told told told told told me on the spot that it was going to be you know so so so so so so so so so so so like so uh uh okay uh I mean okay on camera and it was Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You you know like um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like like okay like like have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day day day day day day day day. My so so um you know you know okay well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 like so uh so I mean okay um I mean okay well. We are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to to to to to to to to to to to believe and well you know you know um I mean well well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our our our our our our our our our our our okay so I mean well I mean uh like okay I mean well virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern standard so like well okay uh so I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you you you you you you you you you you you can associate okay you know uh well I mean uh uh so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If you you you you you you you you you you you know so like well like like um like uh so so, we're excited to share our our our our our our our our our our our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools well so uh okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so okay uh that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online online online online online online online online online online online go to www.sceeto.com for / well well well I mean so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean create to access your free guide and turn your your your your your your your your your your your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward so like I mean well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about about about about about about about about about about about is and I I mean well I mean okay uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not as unconditional um I mean like uh okay um uh okay um you know as unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other other other other other other other other other other other you know like okay um like like you know so I mean uh people if there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so um well okay well like you know uh that in a different way. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're uh well I mean I mean uh so well like I mean so here here here here here here here here here here here with Usual Suspects. We also we also we also we also we also we also also also also also also also also also also also we also we also we also we also we also got Dennis the founder operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator and super gangster so um I mean I mean okay uh okay so like you you you you you you you you you you you know from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing um um um um um um um um um um um you know um well well like um uh well okay today man. Doing great man man man man man man man man man man man. Yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if if if if if if if if if if if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first first first first first first first first first first first thing um well like well okay so okay uh so well right for yeah. I have have have have have have have have have have have never done a podcast before. Hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe that's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know like okay you know uh uh case case case case case case case case case case case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's uh um you know you know you know uh so uh um uh do this. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking well okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know um so so okay like um yeah, we got like real faithful follower and and and and and and and and and and and I feel bad every time we okay uh like uh like so okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, you know uh I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know so you know you know don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks docks docks docks docks docks docks docks docks docks docks okay okay um you know so so I mean um like I mean podcast where where where where where where where where where where where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh uh well um like you know so I mean all the the the the the the the the the the the latest space related news. As well as well as well as well as well as as as as as as as as as as as well as well as well as well as well as well as talking about about about about about about about about about about about interesting Technologies or discoveries that uh so well uh so like like okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from from from from from from from from from from from the Apollo uh I mean um like uh okay I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well like mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest news on I mean I mean like okay like okay I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay like I mean well so uh okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all you know know know know know know know know know know know um well um okay uh um well well uh that is happening in in in in in in in in in in in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult well well okay um you know so uh you know you know I mean consumption only only only only only only only only only only only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so um so um like you know um um advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to um uh like well okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well I mean okay TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing when I woke up. I was okay I mean so uh um uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat up a little well okay like um well like so okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I I I I I I I I I I I started well okay I mean okay okay um well I mean uh well talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me like um you you you you you you you you you you you know so so um I mean uh I mean like out of this. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay um well I mean okay so well partnership with complex. This series series series series series series series series series series series this series this series this series this series this series this series this series series series series series series series series series series series this series this series this series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on today on today on today on today on today on today on today on on on on on on on on on on on today on today on today on the show. We explore we explore we explore we we we we we we we we we we we explore we explore we explore we explore we explore we explore we explore we we we we we we we we we we we explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay so I mean uh like to fighting himself in a story story story story story story story story story story story of two lighthouses. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to lure party the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that like okay I mean well I mean um okay uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so so you know you know okay okay I mean um so um Caleb. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay um well like so well okay One Life. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so like okay I mean I mean like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, how did you make it this far well um so so uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know like into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I like like like like like like like like like like like you know um so you know uh okay I mean I mean I mean hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like uh uh um so well you know 2 of the October October October October October October October October October October October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like you know I mean you know um uh this one. So So So So So So So So So So So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man man man man man man man man man man man. There are um like I mean okay you know you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to to to to to to to to to to to hear it well okay you know okay you know well I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going Going Going Going Going Going Going Going Going Going Going uh well well um um well okay so like okay back and listening to part 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so well I mean like like that all of the information information information information information information information information information information information in part to her story all her tips the way I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay I mean uh I mean like like that she parents it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like so okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh okay uh um um valuable when you know where she came from part part part part part part part part part part part 1 is all about her life as I mean you know so you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well so so a young girl how she was parented her family story story story story story story story story story story story Dynamic her as a you know well I mean so um um well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time for Chompers. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're a you're a you're a you're a morning and night. Do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you brushing uh I mean um well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth on on on on on on on on on on on one side and I mean uh well uh I mean um well um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week week week week week week week week week week week and every uh well I mean you know okay uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean like I mean you know you know okay like so a pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like I mean okay so so uh you know so Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born like like like like like like like like like like like so so uh so so okay uh um well in a country in Asia called called called called called called called called called called called Vietnam. Their dad their dad their dad their dad their dad their dad their their their their their their their their their their their dad their dad their dad their dad their dad was a powerful man and so so so so so so so so so so so well well you know so uh uh well okay well have them trained in martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog word of the day is is is is is is is is is is is K begun being a British Filipino can be well well well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like okay a long thing, you know, so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, so like uh okay like so well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and and and and and and and and and and and hello so like uh you know like um so um I mean uh. We're joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re like you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean so like um uh I mean so free. Rio well Cambria found found found found found found found found found found found a how was your day? How was how was how was how was how was was was was was was was was was was was how was how was how was how was how was how was your day well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean uh so you know um well like tiring long as it it it it it it it it it it it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like so like I mean now Monday. Let's go energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports now now now now now now now now now now now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is is is is is is is is is is is the fires like um okay so I mean like like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first first first first first first first first first first first place of I mean okay so so um um you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due due due due due due due due due due due well you know like uh like um uh well I mean uh to the tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it the the the the the the the the the the the tiebreaker you know you know uh so like okay I mean well um like because because because because because because because because because because because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if if if if if if if if if if if well you know so I mean uh okay okay I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the the the the the the the the the the the you know you know you know uh um so so uh you know um points points points points points points points points points points points it is tied. This very this very this very this very this very this very very very very very very very very very very very this very this very this very this very this very moment and just just just just just just just just just just just the fact that that is you know uh well so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so I mean the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me me me me me me me me me me me so happy. So you know um like I mean like well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second second second second second second second second second second second half of a back-to-back so you know I mean uh like like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well okay back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay I mean uh um um like um I mean topic of today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's video is going to be going with the flow and I I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like uh uh so like well well um got an email here from a client of of of of of of of of of of of mine that I've been coaching for like I mean like like like okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I I I I I I I I I I I guess. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay well like okay coaching him now. Well maybe longer longer longer longer longer longer longer longer longer longer longer so he sent me this email and he's um you know um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so like okay you know like got a couple of situations that he's asking me me me me me me me me me me me about so he basically you know well um uh so well um well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and and and and and and and and and and and her group um I mean so um you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says says says says says says says says says says says that she told you know you know I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean okay I mean him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a a a a a a a a a podcast you know okay okay like I mean I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is is is is is is is is is is is not Billy Ray you know like you know I mean um um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean um Cyrus. This is huge. I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel in in in in in in in in in in in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and uh uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean so I mean um you're listening to good. So my my my my my my my my my my my God Bernard in I everything about what I um okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well you know you know you know you know mean. My forbidden things things things things things things things things things things things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a um you know know know know know know know know know know know so well okay I mean okay you know like I mean draugr my I I I I I I I I I I I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean like you know well like you know uh. We can can can can can can can can can can can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff to talk I mean okay um so like so I mean so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to to to to to to to to to to to um um so um um um you know so uh okay First. The NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the the the the the the the the the the the NHL the NHL the NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote electronics and well okay okay um well um you know um um uh they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time time time time time time time time time time time they're going okay well um I mean well you know like um so um um um um um um um um um um um to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a a a a a a a a a a a so like you know uh well like you know uh well um little little little little little little little little little little little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we okay like like like like like like like like like like like like um okay okay like okay so okay went live here. They've apparently used this this this this this this this this this this this puck in a couple games during the regular you know like um uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay um well uh uh season without telling the teams or players that they they they they they they they they they they they were using it. They've given well uh you know you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league league league league league league league league league league league the practice with okay okay okay you know well so okay so you know so so so so so so so so so so so the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course of of of of of of of of of of of course of course of course of course of course of course of course of course of of of of of of of of of of of course of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um so you know um you know like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know which is the platform. I used I used I used I I I I I I I I I I I used I used I used I used I used I used I used I used used used used used used used used used used used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard uh uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um well like okay you know so about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and let me explain it's well you know okay like like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean like I mean um okay okay like well right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you uh uh well so I mean like well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so uh I mean so can make money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need um like well so um um um um um um um um um um um so uh so like you know to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place place. So download the free anchor app or go to you know so so um um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay like like Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to another episode of okay well you know so um uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in as always. It's your um so like I mean you know like um okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know host Kelly. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited to be be be be be be be be be be be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so okay well like okay uh so excited but we got our finale of of of of of of of of of of of Love is Blind this past week, and uh you know okay you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know um okay well I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of of of of of of of of of of of a like well you know okay um you know like so okay um podcast, I I I I I I I I I I I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like okay um like okay you know um anchor I'm able to share share share share share share share share share share share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives uh you know well so um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you everything you need in one place and you can can can can can can can can can can can produce the show right like you know well like so okay like well um you you you you you you you you you you you know from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow anyone I mean well okay um so uh like uh okay I mean with the the the the the the the the the the the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even even even even even even even even even even even you know like um um like well well you know like well distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so um okay uh okay I mean um so found that includes Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also like I mean okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know you know well easily make money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor like okay uh well um um um um um um um um um um um like okay so you know okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let okay you know so so um you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any any any any any any any any any any any money okay okay I mean you know well like um um okay uh up front front front front front front front front front front front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean okay you know um okay you know. There are are are are are are are are are are are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well like like like like like like like like like like like so well uh okay so so uh you know from your phone or computer. You You You You You You You You You You You have to go out and spend a I mean I mean like you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean I mean well lot of money buying software paying paying paying paying paying paying paying paying paying paying paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you um um so like you know know know know know know know know know know know so like so like uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more and the best part well you know well like okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay I mean like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make uh um okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um so you know okay well I mean a podcast in one place doubled the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh like like. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with with with with with with with with with with with Marcos Garza and the Garza uh I mean um you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so so um so okay Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI DUI. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you need a well um uh okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well so well you know okay criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his okay um okay uh well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know okay team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to to to to to to to to to to to you know well um I mean I mean um well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh dishes and dimes were a raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women well well okay well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean like hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me me me me me me me me me me me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest hello greatest month okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean uh like I mean so well well ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about about about about about about about about about about about all that um I mean okay I mean uh like so uh well okay Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up up up up up up up up up up up uh like okay okay like okay uh I mean uh well to heaven after giving instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well so like so so I mean like chosen after his suffering. He presented he presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented he presented he presented he presented he presented he presented he presented he presented he he he he he he he he he he he presented he presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um um well I mean he was alive. He appeared to them them them them them them them them them them them over a period of 40 days and okay uh uh well like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he he he he he he he he he he he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I I I I I I wanted to okay well like so I mean okay uh okay well you know take take take take take take take take take take take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh okay you know well okay um well you know possible to start start start start start start start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well uh uh uh you know are actually having a service to host host host host host host host host host host host and distribute the show as well as so well so like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money money money money money money money money money money money like uh like like you know I mean like you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting platforms okay you know okay like so so like okay you know well while also also also also also also also also also also also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like okay I mean like I mean well so anchor gives me me me me me me me me me me me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like so I mean uh so uh okay either from my computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean um so um like um uh the opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know like so I mean so uh like your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like like you know uh um okay well or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're all doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing well. And you and you and you and you and you and you and you and and and and and and and and and and and you and you and you and you ready to you know like okay um so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know I mean well like hear from another friend of the show show show show show show show show show show show. He's definitely someone I should have called before you know uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I mean like I mean um now as he's one of the the the the the the the the the the the few people I've played with whom I looked well I mean you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well uh I mean up to for a very very very very very very very very very very very very long time firstly for the way conduct so uh I mean um like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean okay so himself on the field but also off the the the the the the the the the the the field as well. So without further Ado, here's okay well you know you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know like so my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy okay okay okay okay um like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are are are are are are are are are are are you my brother? That's all I mean like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh I mean how are you bro? I'm good, man man man man man man man man man man man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you so well you know uh I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well okay know, same old same old. I need to start this though with with with with with with with with with with with a bit okay uh so okay okay you know okay well you know um um um um um um um um um um um of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to uh like you know so okay you know like um um okay make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um um uh so um to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor so okay so well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean I mean like I mean will distribute the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you can be heard on every every every every every every every every every every every platform such I mean well well like uh okay so well you know like as as as as as as as as as as as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay um like like okay um like okay need in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot uh uh you know I mean you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well so like. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this this this this this this this this this this this well, this well, this well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see see see see see see see see see see see you doing this my friend. Hello uh um like so okay so so like um so so so so so so so so so so so and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again again again again again again again again again again again for you know um I mean you know so well um I mean well uh joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well um like I mean okay um okay is a fantastic soap maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so uh well um so I mean uh. You can find them on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soapcom okay like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like okay. They make they make they make they make they they they they they they they they they they they make they make they make they make they make they make they make Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um well like okay well okay love with and so grateful that I made the the the the the the the the the the the connection with Avi, and we okay I mean um like so like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company company company company company company company company company company company and um uh I mean I mean so I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first first first first first first first first first first first so like I mean I mean well okay so uh I mean like time we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like well you know okay I mean to talk to a real real real real real real real real real real real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin I mean I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like like so I mean so. You got you got you got got got got got got got got got got got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got got you got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well I mean uh okay well you have it wrong. Good week. Do you you you you you you you you you you you have your parents on speed dog? We talk okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay um like I mean to them. Well, actually my dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably like uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know um so um so uh uh could I you didn't you didn't learn enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough in acres of diamonds. If um if um if um if um if um if if if if if if if if if if if um if um if um if um if um if um so so so so so so so so so so so you know like I mean um like well so I mean you think we we we we we we we we we we we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me me me me me me me me me me me well um so uh um you know I mean you know okay like trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to um um um um um um um um um um um um so um um you know you know I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but like like like like like like like like like like like so like well you know like so like like okay me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon like I mean okay like like well I mean uh like um Whistler in in in in in in in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like I mean so I mean so I mean. These are these these these these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are are are are are are are are are are are these are these are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published published published published published published published published published published published on YouTube so you know you know well like so okay well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on well well well well well well well well well well well well uh like well um uh I mean so you know Apple podcasts or or or or or or or or or or or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so I mean uh you know I mean I mean media on on on on on on on on on on on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler you know like so well well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know well like so one word come and say hi to to to to to to to to to to to me. Let me know how you liked this show uh um um so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know uh so okay you know and let's get into it it it it it it it it it it it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 uh like uh like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um well internet. And in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in and in the video video video video video video video video video video video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate um like well like like like like like like like like like like like uh so well so well so your brain without using drugs number 10, the the the the the the the the the the the strange link between infrasound and ghostly so uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or or or or or or or or or or or another they have well like well like um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should should should should should should should should should should should be there you know I mean so so I mean um um like well well well well well well well well well well well well or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the principal of Lincoln well so um you know um like so so so so so so so so so so so so so like high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode will like like so so well um like uh like like be seniors who were were were were were were were were were were were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay so like like like um summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters semesters. We had 29 seniors out of um I mean so uh uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know so like so approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of of of of of of of of of of of 5.0 and I mean well okay uh uh you know so so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know above today. We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Wilson uh I mean you know like well uh well like well I mean and and and and and and and and and and and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to to to to to to to to to to to okay so you know I mean like like I mean um um so do do do do do do do do do do do is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia like so so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean well okay uh uh okay Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and okay like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh okay so so I'm involved with lots of music things pep pep pep pep pep pep pep pep pep pep pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both so both both both both both both both both both both both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back back back back back back back with like like you know uh I mean okay well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last last last last last last last last last last few weeks I mean I mean so okay like um you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um so new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of of of of of of of of of of of right now well so well you know you know I mean like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know. There are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are there are about 90 thousand cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this virus has uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean okay like spread fast outside of China with more than than than than than than than than than than than 70 countries now affected and we're starting okay like uh uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean uh to feel it here in the US. Tonight the tonight the the the the the the the the the the the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight the tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state um like like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh you know uh I mean of emergency after the first known known known known known known known known known known known coronavirus death in the US. The virus so well like so uh like you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know um has killed at least nine people in this country. We just we we we we we we we we we we we just we just we just we just we just we just we just just just just just just just just just just just we just we just we just keep hearing about more okay so okay like um um um um um um um um um um um like so uh uh I mean and more infections. There are now at least least least least least least least least least least least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean okay you know okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean uh uh me explain it's free. Its creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit uh like like so okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well like um so your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will will anchor will distribute pop your podcast for I mean okay so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh well like well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more um like like well I mean uh well you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you uh um I mean well I mean well okay so well like need need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay you know well I mean um well to do this without anchor. So thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the okay so I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so um um like you know okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey you know um I mean you know well uh you know uh okay uh everybody. We We We We We We We We We We We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a a a a a a a a a a a uh well like well um okay well well I mean so full podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball and I mean um uh okay so well so well well I mean y'all do do do do do do do do do do do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean like uh you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or you you you you you you you you you you you know um um you know I mean you know I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know um like uh okay well like like for the Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I um you know like so so so so so so so so so so so like like uh you know you know you know Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and and and and and and and and and and and joining me as ever in the cockpit of I mean uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay okay okay the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts cam and I'm here you know I mean uh uh okay I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um you know like with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric lives in Michigan uh I mean like like well uh like like uh like and and and and and and and and and and and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we talk about conspiracy theories you know okay like okay well um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the um um um um um um um um um um um well you know you know I mean like you know so uh so creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were were were were were were were were were were were I mean um uh uh so like well um so well younger and we're basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um okay you know like like lot of different elements to him in in in in in in in in in in in a lot of different components that we have uh I mean you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh okay well you know to get into so there it's going going going going going going going going going going going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim I mean okay so you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh like I mean well so said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the app so um uh so I mean um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use use use use use use use use use use use it's free and there's creation uh I mean I mean well uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay like you know tools straight in the app that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to edit your podcast from your um um well um um uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and many okay okay well well um okay well well okay like more without without without without without without without without without without without having to do anything which is great and you can make money um um um um um um um um um um um um okay so um uh I mean I mean uh uh from the podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta so okay um okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um you know I mean uh grind you got to get to to to to to to to to to to to where you're going. So it's everything you need you know I mean so like well well well well well well well well well well well like so um well so to do all one place and to download the app app app app app app app app app app app go to anchor on the um well well I mean um okay so so so so so so so so so so so um like you know App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get get get get get get get get get get get in the madness. What's like uh you know so okay I mean so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um okay well okay uh you know and YG's Madness. I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so well um um did amazing. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and you know well so well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay um um like I mean reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then then then then then then then then then then then topic so like I mean I mean I mean well like uh so like of of of of of of of of of of of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So So So So So So So So So So So obviously well uh you know well like uh okay um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and and and and and and and and and and and uh okay like okay okay you know okay like so uh then Ashley, Miss Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know well uh so like a bunch of questions if people people people people people people people people people people people wanted to ask because obviously the video that I mean I mean okay well like like like like like like like like like like like so so um you know so we posted the other day people had some some some some some some some some some some some questions because there it's like talked about in my uh um so you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh like you know like um first book 3% man that you can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually end a relationship healthfully not full okay I mean okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like you know so um of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other other other other other other other other other other other out and Keen each well so uh okay um like um like well um other's other's other's other's other's other's other's other's other's other's other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode uh like like like like like like like like like like like so well um well uh um okay well of podcasts devoted to cube in in in in in in in in in in in this season. We want we want we want we want we want we want want want want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want we want to show you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you know like so you know like um I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up up up up up up up up up up up to your okay so uh I mean so so so so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean own Cube. Each episode each episode each episode each episode each episode each each each each each each each each each each each episode each episode each episode each episode each episode each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design well okay like so you know know know know know know know know know know know like um okay you know um and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time time time time time time time time time time time. You'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have have have have have have have have have have have you'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have your well uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean like well very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John by by by by by by by by by by by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, like so well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know um um so I mean and I'm thankful file coming from the the the the the the the the the the the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what um okay um um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well so are we here to do? So essentially so essentially so essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially so essentially so essentially so essentially so essentially so essentially so essentially so essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially so essentially we are trying to give you a short okay okay so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um like you know I mean so rundown as this for this this this this this this this this this this this first episode on what the former cube is all well uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean so okay well okay about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have a thin thin thin thin thin thin thin thin thin thin thin crowd tonight. It is right now uh okay I mean well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We We We We We We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have local like uh okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay okay so bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until until until until until until until until until until until she gets here it is so well so you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like um well you know just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a a a a a a a a a a a pretty we're back to the I mean uh I mean well um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean you know back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots Roots. I'd say I'd say so okay like um well well I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say say say say say say say say say say say. Yeah, I'd say um so so you know so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would would would would would would would would would would would you say that I I mean so um um I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay um wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're okay with well so like uh so uh um like uh well you you you you you you you you you you you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean uh um um like like so well it always support your your your your your your your your your your your right to see random things. I support I support I support I support I support support support support support support support support support support support I support I support I support I support I support I support my right right right right right right right right right right right uh uh like I mean well uh you know uh like well to party and you you you you you you you you you you you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's um it's um it's um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so so uh I mean uh so um what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I I I I I I I I I I I became you know you know uh I mean like I mean well I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well um like uh so okay okay you know Bree was was was was was was was was was was was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like you know you know um like well uh so school. She has has has has has has has has has has has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also um like like like like like like like like like like like uh um um you know like I mean I mean um has a background in in in in in in in in in in in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh so okay um like when she was still still still still still still still still still still still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II at okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well you know uh well like you know Cal State East Bay. So So So So So So So So So So So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only okay uh um so so well well well well well well well well well well well you know um I mean uh how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to dive into some well I mean I mean so you know well well well well well well well well well well well so you know okay uh of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations and she's had to pull out uh I mean like I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know um so that inner strength to keep going in the face of of of of of of of of of of of some situations where she like uh uh well okay you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay did not think she can make it through. I'm really I'm really I'm really really really really really really really really really really really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design design design design design design design design design design design so so I mean well uh uh like like well okay and business for the modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic um like well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like I mean so well alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like like like like like like like like like like like you to shift your business where it's not working you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh I mean I mean I mean okay you know so that it starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the okay like so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh so I mean so like flow. The he's integrity and undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay okay uh uh so to be bringing you the the the the the the the the the the the human design and business in a way that you've um okay okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay so never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to to to to to to to to to to to align by uh well okay okay um um so you know so uh design. It is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um so so I mean uh so uh beard care and much much much much much much much much much much much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh okay okay so um designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during during during during during during during during during during during everyday acts of life and well uh uh I mean well so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion for ten percent off your entire well I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh so well well well order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And And And And And And And And And And And please check out the link okay well you know okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so like I mean uh in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also sponsored by pray more I mean you know well uh like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat Retreat dot-org this online Retreat you know um so okay so like I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know so will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online online online online online online online online online online online and uh okay I mean uh like like you know uh like um um um um um um um um um um um at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the you you you you you you you you you you you know so well so like so I mean okay uh um five inspiring speakers and and and and and and and and and and and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh okay I mean um I mean like I mean year year year year year year year year year year year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well so you know well so okay Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out out out out out out out out out out out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um well well I mean like so San Jose the largest city in in in in in in in in in in in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as well okay uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean like well like it seemed after dinner. He went to his his his his his his his his his his his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin okay well you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like well uh so just like most nights but right away something felt different. It It It It It It It It It It It was all wrong. The uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the the the the the the the the the the the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like like you know like um like I mean um drugs burned hot through his veins unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to so well I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh like um hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of you know I mean well like you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay um okay well March 20 20 yesterday. We got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got we got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh like well well so I mean so I mean it is basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit okay I mean okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um um like so we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up up up up up up up up up up up from 1.8% This means that GDP I mean so so um um uh um uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um you know you know okay um like uh economists economists economists economists economists economists economists economists economists economists economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy was you know well um um like well you know okay um so at a a a a a a a a a a a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, um you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh um okay I mean you know like like it looks like like like like like like like like like like like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to so so so so so so so so so so so um well uh I mean I mean uh you know like so the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean so well I mean I mean um like so moms. And we we we we we we we we we we we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay well okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know I mean okay so well at home with my kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids Sam works out of the home and just kind um uh well like um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean so I mean I mean of bring a little bit of insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight and show you that there are really great things uh you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so so uh um well. There are some really messy Parts about each roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll. So go so go so go so go so go so go so so so so so so so so so so so go so go so go so go so go and do well so like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh uh um uh I mean whatever you do when you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh I mean I mean I mean well well kiddos in their stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey uh um like so so so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay uh like mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the the the the the the the the the the the messy Mama's you know well you know um okay I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that that that that that that that that that that that motherhood brings. We're I mean okay um uh like well um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month month month month month month month month month month month I mean um well you know okay well so okay okay okay were going to to to to to to to to to to to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh well well you know so I mean your story advocate for for for for for for for for for for for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in um okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well so okay okay uh like our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take take take take take take take take take take take um okay you know okay like you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time to level up you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean you know well well I mean well. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 14 of level level level level level level level level level level level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called uh okay well you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um um I mean uh movement is medicine. I just rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I uh uh like so um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay like think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. I feel like we've been saying you know okay well so like you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay um um movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing the arm the post that I mean okay uh you know uh so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about about about about about about about about about about about it's about it's about yes branding that well um you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean you know um positive message and helping everyone feel good good good good good good good good good good good. And we're here to really talk about so you know you know so so well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday I mean you know well so um you know uh um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath um well well well well well well well well well well well um you know well I mean I mean I mean like you know. So this this this this this this this this this this this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and like like like like like like like like like like like like so okay so um well so uh you know butter, but I'm here for the ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of think of think of think of think of think of think of think think think think think think think think think think think of think of think of think of it like a mental workout. Like what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's like what's like what's like what's the muscle that you're trying to um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay I mean I mean you know I mean build in your your your your your your your your your your your meditation? Is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it that you want to be more present is it it it it it it it it it it it like like I mean well so okay so like so I mean that you want to to to to to to to to to to to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean so you know I mean well uh well of a sense of of of of of of of of of of of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to like well well well well well well well well well well well like well like so okay like so um feel less stress is it it it it it it it it it it it that you want to sleep better? You know, um okay well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean uh what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are are are are are are are are are are are you craving and notice well well you know like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty of meditation notice when you know you know I mean uh uh well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know those things start to shift. A hurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 97 okay so I mean well uh I mean um so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals to you know um well like like so uh well like I mean talk about everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy this guy this guy friends podcast like uh okay like um so well um um um um um um um um um um um um um rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode heavily requested you know okay you know uh like well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like uh by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or so so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh you know like you know okay um you know top reads for 2020 something like like like like like like like like like like like that because a lot of you have asked a well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um so well well you know well like Jeremy what books would you you you you you you you you you you you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal you know uh like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um uh I mean development? Well books to recommend for nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at uh like uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh I mean like least the ones that have had had had had had had had had had had had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are like like like like well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay I mean um In the Forefront of my mind right now now now now now now now now now now now nagase can't sure every book I mean you know um so like like like like like like like like like like like um um well so um that I've read and listened to over the past 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 years, but I'll give well um I mean so uh uh like you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time time time time time time time time time time time you know well so okay so okay you know well um uh ago, which is is is is is is is is is is is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these well um okay like like like like like like like like like like like like like like well well so onto the blog as well here probably in the next next next next next next next next next next next two weeks or so okay well okay okay well um um okay um so so so so so so so so so so so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do do do do do do do do do do do um uh okay like so I mean well uh so well but but but but but but but but but but but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well you know um okay you know well didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might I might I might I might I might I might I might I I I I I I I I I I I might I might I might I might still be using Photoshop to this day day day day day day day day day day day. If it wasn't for the fact that so like you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um well uh like I mean someone created pics insight and I happen to to to to to to to to to to to work hard to learn it and actually really um I mean you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh uh like I mean fell in love with it. A lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of them are just really fantastic. If you think I mean well well you know so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean okay like so about how far things have come for us us us us us us us us us us us to be doing this in our backyards um like okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know well I mean basically and taking images that were once in in in in in in in in in in in the realm of of professional observatories um like so you know like like like like like like like like like like like like so like like so is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well uh so well I mean so an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and and and and and and and and and and and he runs a website visible dark dot okay so um uh like so so so so so so so so so so so like um you know well CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark Astro. He is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is well you know so uh like like like like like like like like like like like um you know like um um a big user of picks in sight. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome I mean uh like you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so like so so to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each um um you know like you know so so so so so so so so so so so like um okay um week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate of um uh uh well well okay like um you know well well well well well well well well well well well Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature feature feature feature feature feature feature feature feature feature feature films well uh like uh okay uh uh like okay okay Millions have tried to stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you I mean um like so so so so so so so so so so so um okay okay okay uh so enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast you know you know so okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well uh every Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell we we we we we we we we we we we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial okay like so you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know you know events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen to well like okay well uh uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of of of of TV like well I mean um I mean you know uh okay um well talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here here here here here here here here here here here on okay like okay like well um uh well uh okay AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here so so so so so so so so so so so well okay well well uh well like um like to talk about this episode. We We We We We We We We We We We love we love we love we love we love we love we love love love love love love love love love love love we love we love we love we love we love our audience and we we we we we we we we we we we will give you um okay you know you know like I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first first first first first first first first first first first time so you know like um you know like I mean so okay okay tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an an an an an an an an an an an actress you know so so um so um like okay well so no network network network network network network network network network network network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course well you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh so so uh uh um um your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated by me. I should say said well so so okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well so like yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself. Only um like uh uh so um uh uh uh like first got got got got got got got got got got got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh you know okay um uh so a host here at at at at at at at at at at at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh okay okay okay I mean I mean next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything in between because okay uh so okay uh uh um uh like like they they they they they they they they they they they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much what you so so so so so so so so so so so you know um well uh like um I mean uh you know mean by are usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is probably uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh I mean um um okay so why girls don't go for a higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see one uh um um uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh so of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to to to to to to to to to to to bash me a day okay okay well well uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you you you you you you you you you you you think you are. You think you think you think you think you think you you you you you you you you you you you think you think you think you think you think you think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV you you you you you you you you you you you know like like um um you know you know like uh okay talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this um um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay like well so uh you know well show guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name um so well like so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know well well okay is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go go go go go go go go go go go through it. You know what it um well like um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh uh so is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce. My panel I am uh you know okay well well uh well like you know know know know know know know know know know know so over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also also also also also also also also also also also representing team okay you know you know like so uh like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well so like uh okay uh I may have accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh so okay okay uh a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm uh uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to aliens like like like like like like like like like like like us with me of course button below the like okay like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean okay um well other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of of of of of of of of of of of you young producer. Alien is welcome well I mean like well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know like um so back to our show this time. We're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh so so you know uh uh like in US. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you you you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so well uh so uh okay like yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a in a in a in a in a in a in in in in in in in in in in in a in a in a in a in a world where two people God God God God God God God God God God God in a podcast for too early for so okay like um like so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like you know this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. If you here they start to do okay so like I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let let let let let let let let let let let me have my fun you know like I mean um uh like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, um um um um um um um um um um um okay well okay so um I mean uh you know uh that's our kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know okay okay like I mean two kitchen. You're so like like like like like like like like like like like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we okay like okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay like well feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like they're not funny uh so you know uh like I mean okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay okay okay well okay like you know uh okay um that documents documents documents documents documents documents documents documents documents documents documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean I mean um like like set designers the people who who who who who who who who who who who run beloved venues and festivals. And of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of of of of of and of and of and of and of and of course speaking with I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay okay you know okay well well musicians about that one gig there there there there there there there there there there there changed their lives get your peek behind the so well like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um I mean um curtain at consequence of sound darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast well like so so so so so so so so so so so okay well um like I mean um you know Network welcome to another edition of of of of of of of of of of of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by I mean so uh like uh like like like like like like like like like like like um well like so W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're listening to the very first I mean okay um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know uh official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This This This This This This This This This This This episode was recorded live on November um okay you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh well well 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington. You're going to hear a you know um I mean like okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like so um very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the the the the the the the the the the the audience as well uh I mean so uh okay well okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody on uh you know okay okay you know uh so um uh I mean our crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So um um um um um um um um um um um you know um so you know well so um well okay the Acoustics of this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's okay well I mean like okay um like okay I mean like the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know so you know you know like I mean that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well well um I mean like well well uh distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay okay I mean like okay I mean I mean whatever else else else else else else else else else else else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well uh well uh I mean um uh I mean and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the download download download download download download download download download download download the download the download the download the download the download the download the download the the the the the the the the the the the free you know uh so I mean you know uh um I mean okay okay anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you you you you you you you you you you you well like okay like like I mean well I mean well uh. And here and and and and and and and and and and and here and here and here and here and here and here and here and here here here here here here here here here here here and here and here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This This This This This This This This This This This I mean um okay I mean um like you know uh so well is the the the the the the the the the the the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're no no no no no no no no no no no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it it it it it it it it it it it. Waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind like okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh so well well of just kept us on one basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis and we kind of do a little okay like um uh uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you so so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well I mean you know uh you know I mean follow your your your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean um okay so I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um like uh okay um I mean okay you know to them offline like like like like like like like like like like like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like okay um uh um so um you can share this this this this this this this this this this this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so like okay so I mean well you know well already be sure to to to to to to to to to to to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h okay well um uh um um um um um um um um um um um um uh so I mean well or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is is is is is is is is is is is the thing wherein I'll catch the you know uh you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well like so uh um conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you you you you you you you you you guys first uh okay well like uh uh uh you know so well official episode. Yes are are are are are are are are are are are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean well um well so it's the first full one so welcome and and and and and and and and and and and I have a mic this like so well I mean you know like um so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across across across across across across across across across across across the well um okay um I mean okay so well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well well okay well like I mean I mean was a bad Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to like well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh so um be halfway around the world, but that's a a a a a a a a a a a story for another time. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so so so so so so so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're like um okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um you know okay okay ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be be be be be be be be be be be so uh okay okay like um you know well uh uh cheering with with with with with with with with with with with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of a Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose like uh well like uh okay uh so well I mean Driven Life and and and and and and and and and and and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are five um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know um you know you know okay uh uh great benefits of living a purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life okay okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay well like okay you know you know. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Lisa Marie you know uh well well well like you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to astral ashes. We We We We We We We We We We We are going to be serenading okay I mean I mean um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well you with a poem to start. So Andy take it it it it it it it it it it it away. I'm going to be reading um like like okay um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite poets Christina Rossetti and okay like like you know so uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know we thought the dreamy quality of this and the the the the the the the the the the the sort of fantasy vs I mean so like well um well um you know well well well well well well well well well well well well. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so season so season so season so season so so so so so so so so so so so season so season so season so season so season so season so this is called called called called called called called called called called called I dream of you to uh you know um um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake would that I might dream you know I mean I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean like um well of you and not wake but Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear you know like um uh uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well okay companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and and and and and and and and and and and happy dreams. I hold okay um like um okay okay so like so so so so so so so so so so so uh you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian uh I mean uh um well well so okay uh okay and we the premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no there's no no no no no no no no no no no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no no no no no no no no no no no there's no there's no so like like well so um well okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that that that that that that that that that that that I uh uh um so well uh well you know um you know think this is is is is is is is is is is is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast uh like well well well well well well well well well well well you know um um uh um uh you know with two white guys in their their their their their their their their their their their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I uh um okay so so so so so so so so so so so so uh well okay like so just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need need need need need need need need need need need us field. So we decided to throw uh I mean um like um um um um um um um um um um um well you know uh you know um our hat in the ring and give give give give give give give give give give give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes like like well um like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean you know card. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name is Daniel winter so so okay like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We're going to explore topics that well like well um so um like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce each topic okay so okay okay well well so well uh um. We encourage you you you you you you you you you you you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each like um uh well well well well well well well well well well well um uh so like you know uh new day could be your final final final final final final final final final final final chance to really live. This week we'll I mean well um well well you you you you you you you you you you you know well well I mean so be covering introductions for Daniel and I where where where where where where where where where where where the idea for the podcast came from so okay I mean uh um uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Andrew, what would you do well I mean um like like like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so uh if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I so you know like so uh so well so you know like would probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the the the the the the the the the the the so well like you know like um I mean okay uh well same time. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we we we we we we we we we we we get into another episode of um uh I mean um um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well okay poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about about about about about about about about about about about what platform we use for um uh uh uh you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um podcasting. Well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. It's easy to use and so I mean well so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit uh well you know uh uh well I mean well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there there there there there there there there there there there was something in my you know so like okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well like mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my my my my my my my my my my my phone go into the episode I mean uh um you know um um you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know um. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it it it it it it it it it it it there. It's so I mean like like uh um like you know well so so so so so so so so so so so so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and and and and and and and and and and and cool is I mean like so um you know like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. So iTunes so iTunes so iTunes so iTunes so iTunes so iTunes so iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes so iTunes so iTunes so iTunes so iTunes Spotify you name I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like I mean so uh um so I mean it and it's great download anchor now get get get get get get get get get get get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question okay so so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like so you know I mean well I have for for for for for for for for for for for you. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you food now if that food food food food food food food food food food food happens to be Gourmet like you know you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay you know you know stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that that that that that that that that that that that kind of random shit so um um okay okay um well you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know. Then you then you then you then you then you you you you you you you you you you you then you then you then you then you then you then you need need need need need need need need need need need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet um well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like you know I mean so so well Foods that ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um so okay you know okay um hot sauces mustards and other exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to like you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like uh you know okay buy gourmet food at ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What well what well what well well well well well well well well well well well what well what well what well what well what well what well what what what what what what what what what what what well what well I mean okay well so you know okay you know well okay up up up up up up up up up up up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor um like okay you know uh okay um well okay like sampar the spoke about about about about about about about about about about about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out well um um um um um um um um um um um well um like so you know well I mean uh of the mold. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to hit them up and leave a review to well like well well you you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know okay um let us know what you thought and and and and and and and and and and and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at at at at at at at at at at at some well well you know well you know I mean well well uh so more more more more more more more more more more more educational objectives. Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get get get get get get get get get get get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get right to it starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with fragile X syndrome. What is so so um I mean uh um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know this caused by this is caused by an increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats like so okay okay so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like um uh on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 on the long uh so you know like okay you know um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation methylation and inactivation of fmr1 okay like um um uh like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um I mean I mean I mean um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V V V V V V V V V V V and well you know well uh like you know you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh so um well so well okay hashtag garyvee podcast with the W W W W W W W W W W W in there as well so I can see well you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um uh like okay your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with with with with with with with with with with with some feedback on Twitter on how you know you know like well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so um um you like listening to the Vlog and if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom um okay okay um okay I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee audio experience well so uh uh like I mean you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with with with with with with with with with with with uh uh you know um well well like I mean well okay Pearson. He He He He He He He He He He He speaks he speaks he speaks he speaks he speaks he speaks he speaks he he he he he he he he he he he speaks he speaks he speaks he speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent comes in all ages okay so well so you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us us us us us us us us us us us know what you well um you know I mean okay um okay so so so so so so so so so so so so you know thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story story story story story story story story story story story I'm working on is about uh well like you know like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so his son in the industry and sort of how even see the the the the the the the the the the the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian believe so uh I mean I mean you know um you know like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as as as as as as as as as as as people are uh um so like so uh uh I mean uh so stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause dissension so okay well like okay um well um so you know anger and even even even even even even even even even even even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for you know like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay well well okay like I mean 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God God God God God God God God God God God is gray is meant to teach and so you know I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh well well form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual respect. If you have I mean well you know uh you know well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at at at at at at at at at at at God has you know uh like uh well you know well like okay well well well well well well well well well well well gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh so like okay uh I mean like our community donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate to patreon.com slash. God is god is god is god is god is god god god god god god god god god god god is god is god is god is god is god is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a a a a a a a a a um you know uh well uh uh you know you know okay I mean fat callus callus callus callus callus callus callus callus callus callus callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all it's all it's all it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all all all all all all all all all all all right um uh um you know like okay um well um so. But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really like well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um um I mean so like I mean busy with midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms midterms papers. We went we went we went we went we went we went we went went went went went went went went went went went we went we went we went we went on a Hiatus we just just just just just just just just just just just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, you know uh I mean like like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so well so not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Sab reviews or comments participants like like well you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay you know kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool well uh uh like well so like um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences guy is you know uh so you know okay uh I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know well capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page page page page page page page page page page page Carnegie, such he like I mean well uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh well okay coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Do not reflect the I mean you know okay well like um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of of of of of of of this podcast listeners okay uh I mean well so like uh okay well well discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay uh okay uh you know okay so but without a doubt any direction the the the the the the the the the the the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually so you know okay okay so well you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh like feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped below severe Katrina as I mean like well I mean well I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality sexuality Guevara me I so like um okay um I mean well okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard I mean uh uh I mean I mean you know so um uh like like like like like like like like like like like about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um well um like uh okay so like uh like free like free. Like no no no no no no no no no no no money. Like you like you like you like you like you like you like you you you you you you you you you you you like you like you like you like you don't have to pay you you you you you you you you you you you have to pay um like well um you know okay um well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you you know um um you know you know you know um so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or or or or or or or or or or or computer super simple super like like you know you know you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know easy. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to to to to to to to to to to to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry like uh okay okay so uh well okay okay uh you where you will meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this device this device this device this device this this this this this this this this this this this device this device this device this device this device this device this wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful tool in I mean okay well I mean I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so like each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for for for for for for for for for for for more than well you know I mean you know um okay like so um you you you you you you you you you you you know 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment my you know uh okay um okay well well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or or or or or or or or or or or you know I mean like uh okay uh uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay like okay I mean so okay well you know okay like going to be be be be be be be be be be be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean okay okay so okay happens this month. So So So So So So So So So So So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so uh you know well well so um okay now considering the Astros just just just just just just just just just just just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um I mean I mean so like that the Red Sox did as as as as as as as as as as as well. And I just I don't really know okay okay I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh well you know um what to think at this point, but but but but but but but but but but but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year so like you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well um well uh okay. So To so To so To so To so so so so so so so so so so so To so To so To so To so To so To so To put put put put put put put put put put put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is our Sports criminals March Madness special every every every every every every every every every every every day in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like um like well um okay the top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying back okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know um I mean um like to 1994 and the shocking shooting following following following following following following following following following following following the Colombian national team's loss in the uh I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh well like World Cup. It was a slip up by team team team team team team team team team team team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia uh uh well I mean so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from from from from from from from from from from from history tune in okay you know um well like uh okay um um well well well well well well well well well well well right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you you you I mean I mean you know so I mean uh like like okay so get your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like so you know the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in in in in in in in in in in in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast well I mean well uh like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um uh thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at at at at at at at at at at at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts well well uh well I mean so I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you want to receive um okay uh so okay well well well well well well well well well well well um um um uh a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week week week week week week week week week week week be a part so like well like well uh you know well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take take take take take take take take take take take a so um okay well uh like so um I mean you know look at at at at at at at at at at at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean well uh so like um of being lean and that that that that that that that that that that that startup kind of way that That, you know, we okay uh well uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh so you know like to do this list of goodies is subject to change change change change change change change change change change change and we'd so so you know okay well well uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but but but but but but but but but but but so well so I mean you know like um so you know like it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like you know um like so like uh what we offer to you. You can can can can can can can can can can can send an email to podcast at I mean so like you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um so you know I mean so Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in in in in in in in in in in in our newsletter, which you can find uh so you know uh well so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season season season season season season season season season season season of reversing climate change. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been a while since well uh uh like uh I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a a a a a a a a a a a okay I mean um you know I mean well you know you know so um um um um um um um um um um um discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the the the the the the the the the the the conversation okay like well like um um um so so uh today is just just just just just just just just just just just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay I mean uh well well I mean okay um the original price price price price price price price price price price price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh I mean well um okay so. Hot cake flipping okay, if if if if if if if if if if if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host Justin Boon okay well so so um so you know know know know know know know know know know know um well okay to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is is is is is is is is is is is over. We're recording you know um uh um I mean um so like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh this on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had had had had had had had had had had had a couple like well so um you know so well so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and and and and and and and and and and and that's you know I mean um um um okay so well well so what we're going going going going going going going going going going going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from so well well well well well well well well well well well well um um like um like uh okay the combine. And I and I and I I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I I and I know I said this on last week's show but I have to to to to to to to to to to to you know I mean like uh you know uh okay okay um you know reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are these these these these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are are are are are are are are are are are these are these are Incredibly I mean you know like um you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know um so so talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just an example, but they're okay like so okay I mean well well um um um um um um um um um um um well okay / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you you you you you you you you you you you wildly swinging your view like okay you know you know like well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean of a player but we did learn some things some players players players players players players players players players players players had you know I mean you know well like well okay I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um much better showing than others. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um like you know you know I mean I mean okay uh biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like like like I mean um uh like former Congressman was charged with three three three three three three three three three three three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff uh you know so so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know well well uh for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting so you know you know um like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh you know like ready to participate in a sting mission for the the the the the the the the the the the FBI the past few years like uh you know you know okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the the the the the the the the the the the bureau had been poking uh well uh well like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter Hubbard thought I mean I mean well okay I mean like you know well like like like like like like like like like like like you know he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo. He could play I mean you know um I mean well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh like I mean so um uh um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the so so so so so so so so so so so um you know you know uh I mean like like well like head and and and and and and and and and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like like well uh like I mean so okay be at had an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on like well you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay okay so you know so so what she does to get back back back back back back back back back back back tuned in with her heart tuned in with I mean um like uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like well source and spirit and so it was an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite well you know okay you know I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um so uh you know some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as as as as as as as as as as as I would like. So my so my so my so my so my so my my my my my my my my my my my so my so my so my so my so my uh well um you you you you you you you you you you you know um so so okay I mean well apologies on that we will return back back back back back back back back back back back to a schedule. I don't know exactly well uh okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um uh what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts happening right now. So I mean okay uh okay like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, soon, either you'll find I mean so I mean I mean I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well like like you know it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat like so um so like uh um you know you know you know magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and and and and and and and and and and and well I mean um okay um well so like well okay sit with us us us us us us us us us us us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic uh you know so well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know so so well like on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic maker at the sisters Enchanted uh okay you know so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you know where we aim to help women all over the world world world world world world world world world world world Conger more joy in tuition um um I mean so I mean um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh um you know um well I mean about the world of of of of of of of of of of of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of well so well um um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay um well uh the most notorious subjects every week in addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're like okay well so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well uh exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network network network network network network network network network network network so so okay uh I mean well so you know so I mean. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to to to to to to to to to to to help us explore like you know so so so you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like like like like like like like like like like like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show show show show show show show show show show show how interconnected the True Crime so um well so well uh well so so so so so so so so so so so well so world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify so you know you know well okay so I mean like uh okay or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh so okay um okay well will be posted in the description today today today today today today today today today today today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates I mean well um so well well well well well well well well well well well uh like I mean I mean well someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know uh okay uh like um March 3rd the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips well okay uh well so so so so so so so so so so so well okay well I mean uh. How are we we're doing good Andy hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast you know um okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay I mean okay like today. Like you said with mixed Denson the the the the the the the the the the the founder of Devon. He's he's got you know okay like well well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing whole thing whole thing whole thing whole thing whole thing whole thing whole thing whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole thing whole thing whole thing is well um I mean uh um okay well um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you won't believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might might might might might might might might might might might not be so like um you know so um uh like um um um um um um um um um um um um. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years going going going going going going going going going going going well um uh okay so um okay you know okay well it to the the the the the the the the the the the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh so you know so okay well um uh voices in in in in in in in in in in in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um well you know uh you know okay Traditions passed down to us us us us us us us us us us us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes like you know like like like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay so uh. There are a lot of ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to get involved and an easy one is to like well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so I mean you know like start a podcast anchor dot f m m m m m m m m m m m is a great podcast hosting platform. If so like like like well like you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean like you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let like let like let like let like let like like like like like like like like like like like let like let like let like let like let like let like so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay like I mean well okay I mean me explain it's free. There's Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian tools that allow you to record and edit like so so okay so okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know uh your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know so you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know so okay. So it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it can be be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can I mean uh um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh like okay actually make some money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well I mean okay um uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean I mean need to make a podcast in one convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient location. So if you're interested download so well well you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean you know uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Vincent Rim you know I mean well so I mean like so uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure it's acorah and we got got got got got got got got got got got a lot to talk about this okay so so um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no no no no no no no no no no no over the uh uh you know okay so okay uh so um um past week week week week week week week week week week week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um I mean well um well okay uh um antetokounmpo. Yes, sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well so uh okay well okay so going to touch on to attack of a low low low low low low low low low low low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All you know uh um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well okay right lot talk about co co Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside okay so you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like uh I mean somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to this week, but it's um okay okay well well uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well like okay great pests who week of sports the past week as far as as as as as as as as as as as been amazing you know so um uh okay well you know well um so. We We We We We We We We We We We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer and answer and answer and answer and answer and answer and answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer and answer and answer and answer and answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello. I wanted to inquire about um okay okay like like so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September September September September September September September September September September September the first let okay uh you know um well uh I mean uh well like like like like like like like like like like like me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our there's our there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's our there's our there's our there's our there's our there's our there's our there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's our there's our main hall that's okay I mean you know okay like so like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know like got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton room. Sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the child sunroom you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean um you know I mean like okay CH AR. LT o o o o o o o o o o o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we well well um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh so well um you know are organizing a dinner to raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise money for a charity and we're hoping for you know uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh uh so um uh at least a hundred and fifty people so so so so so so so so so so so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens pens pens pens pens pens pens pens pens pens pens. This show is not suitable for okay okay well you know so okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so work because swearing is encouraged. It's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like a Pinchot after dark but it's like um like um well um like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky Leaky so I mean so okay like well like like I mean uh nib episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like um like so so I mean so a month ago about about about about about about about about about about about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like you know like like um okay well usually record In advance and and and and and and and and and and and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this uh okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh like so like I mean will come out actually the week we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the um so like um like like like like like like like like like like like like okay um okay okay air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30 so like uh okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain cloud castle spring water, like okay so I mean uh um uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know so like I mean okay I mean normalizing what it it it it it it it it it it it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well well okay um like uh back to the mangas and and and and and and and and and and and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the okay so um um um um um um um um um um um so um well like I mean like uh authors of wild Power Alexander Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled um so um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well um okay I mean with so much wisdom and insights about about about about about about about about about about about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our I mean um um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no no no no no no no no no no no flow the postpartum void and I mean you know okay uh like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well uh like essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work work work work work work work work work work work at you know like okay I mean okay so um you know so you know 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you you you you you you you you you about the uh so well I mean well so uh uh uh you know amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well like okay like um well uh app. I use to to to to to to to to to to to create my podcast and I heard about it from a okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know uh well so okay I mean friend of mine who actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually does it as well because I thought at first oh well well so uh um um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know well I mean my gosh, I want to do do do do do do do do do do do a podcast. But how am I going to um you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh like you know do it? I have no equipment. I I I I I I I I I I I have no money and I want to ensure that all well okay so well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well like uh um our voices out here in the Midwest get heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard and how do we do that okay like you know um like like okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially when you don't well like um I mean so well okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean know what to do. So she so she so she so so so so so so so so so so so she so she so she so she so she so she so she so she she she she she she she she she she she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools uh like okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like well like um that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast bright from your uh you know um um well okay okay so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be be be be be be be be be be be heard on um um so um uh uh like okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, which uh okay I mean I mean okay okay I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, ready, I'm uh well well uh you know like uh I mean um okay going going going going going going going going going going going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean okay like I mean um um okay uh to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny like okay um you know like you know like okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the the the the the the the the the the the Mortal um like you know I mean you know um well you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and you know like okay you know so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay welcome to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by the one um you know um okay you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um okay and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fantastic so I mean you know okay okay okay like I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when when when when when when when when when when when I um uh I mean um um well okay uh well um listen to to to to to to to to to to to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh okay I mean you know well like speaking so slowly? slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like uh you know so okay so like that you know, my my my my my my my my my my my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen you know uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh like um uh to me, you know, get get get get get get get get get get get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it well like you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean I mean okay um so like cram more of me in in in in in in in in in in in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need need need need need need need need need need need to worry okay so so well well um I mean uh so like or I I I I I I I I I I I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and and and and and and and and and and and anyway, this is so you know um okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point point point point point point point point point point point and so well um like so um okay well so I mean movement really seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, like well well you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like like you know everybody today. We are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and so like you know know know know know know know know know know know like um you know I mean like well um she's actually turned into a quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a dear friend of mine during our time okay uh like like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean I mean together. And so today we are going to to to to to to to to to to to be having a conversation about her journey okay okay okay like so um well well well well well well well well well well well uh like well that led up to her and I working together together together together together together together together together together together where she's at. Now what she likes so okay so like you know well so so so so so so so so so so so um um uh about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see see see see see see see see see see see where it goes. But the but the but the but the but the but the but but but but but but but but but but but the but the but the but the but the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy I mean you know um well so okay I mean like okay you know cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's I mean um um like well well so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like it's normally like like okay I mean um so uh like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I I I I I I I I I I I can't okay so uh I mean uh well okay okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well you know you know I mean I mean um um a a a a a a a a a a a little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all all all all all all all all all all all the you know okay so like like okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um power say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Johan you know I mean okay um uh okay like uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess we're going um um I mean you know like okay uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news news news news news news news news news news news and I uh uh I mean um you know well like so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was was was was was was was was was was was Donald Trump and like okay okay so so like okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Modi had a little chat together. So Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump went went went went went went went went went went went to India. Oh, yes Trump like uh like okay like I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay went to India and then when he was there, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, okay so uh well so um so you know um you know um look before before before before before before before before before before before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well I mean well okay I mean I mean and and and and and and and and and and and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want want want want want want want want want want want um like I mean you know so um um you know um well to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh like like uh okay I think I think think think think think think think think think think think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about like you you you you you you you you you you you know um well like well okay you know okay uh Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to so well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay okay okay uh like I mean I mean get there like to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about them, which is good. I mean who's um so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um well well I mean having a leave the most unqualified person person person person person person person person person person person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know um so well like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You You You You You You You You You I mean you know um so um you know you know uh okay okay inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's well uh I mean okay I mean like uh well well like message. I believe Marceline. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is something that would really Define who we are as a church okay um well like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay you know um I mean okay and I just want to to to to to to to to to to to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and so um well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh like uh well well um challenge you to listen because because because because because because because because because because because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh okay well I mean um in and bring it on. I believe we we we we we we we we we we we are going somewhere and we are growing so I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um well so somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to to to to to to to to to to to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode okay um um um so okay um uh uh you know includes discussions of of of of of of of of of of of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we we we we we we we we we we we advise we advise Extreme you know so okay um like you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January January January January January January January January January January January night in 1968 in okay like I mean you know you know um um you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson a pretty 19 year well I mean you know I mean uh um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street weighed down by the uh well uh like well you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Minnesota looking I mean um okay uh um uh you know you know um like like like like like like like like like like like for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found she found she she she she she she she she she she she found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found found found found found found found found found found found she found endless days well okay you know so uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh so I mean um you know so uh uh um you know talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like um like uh okay so like national euphonium player in Natalie's first first first first first first first first first first first three years of Performing. She was selected as uh you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know like I mean you know you know the principal euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean okay I mean like well um like 2018 choose accept into into into into into into into into into into into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of you know well okay so so so so so so so so so so so like well well well you know uh of the top high school euphonium players in in in in in in in in in in in California. Most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently most recently most recently most recently most recently Natalie has been accepted I mean well um so so so so so so so so so so so um um um so so so into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious honor bound in the nation this past okay uh um um I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so well summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international international international international international international international international international international international euphonium and tuba well okay so well I mean okay I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um so is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called called called called called called called called called called called well you know uh well so you know um okay well well youth he's life life life life life life life life life life life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia cream cheese made with okay um so uh uh so well uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading um um um um um um um um um um um like um uh I mean so like um uh well on your morning Bagel. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now where you get that big ol should be you know so um so so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has has has has has has has has has has has been okay so like so uh you know like so well well doing this this this this this this this this this this this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest um well uh like well well well well well well well well well well well um well okay um you know take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains well you know I mean I mean uh um like uh so so so so so so so so so so so um and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best best best best best best best best best best best Airlines. Yeah, what's um uh well um okay I mean so so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best best best best best best best best best best best well um like you know like okay like I mean so well Airlines. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not I'm not I'm not not not not not not not not not not not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not a doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor or a well so I mean um like like uh uh like so lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is why Shaggy are first of of of of of of of of of of of all, I would like okay so you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean okay to encourage all of you to download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor you know well okay I mean you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know like you know Todd FM to get started on this. It has made made made made made made made made made made made it. So easy guys, like um I mean um so um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so like I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so so so so so so so so so so so easy. If I had okay uh well okay you know okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to to to to to to to to to to to do so uh so okay I mean okay okay I mean well okay is download download download download download download download download download download download the anchor. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have record my my my my my my my my my my my voice in it and just click post uh so so uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well okay well and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish it in all so um so okay so um okay like well okay the the the the the the the the the the the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need um um um um um um um um um um um um well well okay you know okay um so so to do anything else. So So So So So So So So So So So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also also also also also also need to well okay well like like so uh I mean so uh make use use use use use use use use use use use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which which which which which which which which which which which okay okay you know uh I mean I mean okay okay like okay you you you you you you you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post post post post post post post post post post post something so um like uh so uh um I mean like I mean make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast okay so so so so so so so so so so so um well like uh you know well I mean like. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to I mean um I mean okay so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh um so the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay uh I mean um is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk okay okay well like uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like so about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended offended offended offended offended offended offended offended offended offended offended I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my my my my my my my my my my my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is how you are. I just just just just just just just just just just just want to talk to you a so well um I mean like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um you know little bit today about some happen to me the the the the the the the the the the the other day and they've asked me if I okay um you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well so so you know tell you about it just because it it it it it it it it it it it kind of changed my life. I think it'll change okay like well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so um okay your life. It changed his life changed my aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts life changed everybody's life. So I mean I mean well so um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay okay well I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop. But today I walked in there and okay well I mean okay um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right and so uh so um okay uh okay okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid uh um like so um um I mean you know I mean so and he was was was was was was was was was was was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell like um okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know um I mean you want to take a seat right right right right right right right right right right right there. Tie a seat right there. He said like uh um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know so okay like I want to tell you about something that that that that that that that that that that that I found out they if you haven't like uh um uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean like you know heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time time time time time time time time time time time. You did. He says it's called anchor um you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well um I mean okay and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and and and and and and and and and and and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again hello again hello again hello again hello again hello again hello again hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello again hello again hello again hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of of of of of of of of of of of Murphy's Law. This well I mean I mean I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like like like okay is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today today today today today today today today today today today so I mean I mean I mean okay um like you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a a a a a a a a a a a an interesting like uh you know um you know like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and well well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know um uh I mean like well well see see see see see see see see see see see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on you you you you you you you you you you you know like um um well you know so uh uh so still saying The coronavirus care still still still still still still still still still still still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's so let's so let's so let's so so so so so so so so so so so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like you know I mean uh you know um well well well well well well well well well well well fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this is this is an um I mean well okay I mean so okay um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean interesting one and something I've been working on for a while while while while while while while while while while while. Obviously you guys that uh so um like so like um um you you you you you you you you you you you know like have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season season season season season season season season season season season Mandalorian. We both we both we both we both we both we both we both we we we we we we we we we we we both we both we both we both so uh okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well um um um well liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business business business business business business business business business business business of getting Star Wars okay um okay okay um I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay okay okay okay you know so like you know 13 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went well uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh okay okay so to visit a financial planner the financial planner planner planner planner planner planner planner planner planner planner planner asked to see her spending habits you know okay you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so I mean I mean the author of the article shared that that that that that that that that that that that through to over the phone sessions in a um well like uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean okay you know couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found found found found found found found found found found found that she didn't have to like well um you know I mean uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean give up things. She really she really she really she really really really really really really really really really really really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really loved to save save save save save save save save save save save money that realization helped her you know uh uh you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well so okay you know okay get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive productive productive productive productive productive productive productive productive productive productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each um well okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean well like lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared screens to look at a monthly okay you know well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know okay uh credit card statement and addressed goals for the the the the the the the the the the the week. The financial accountability was so I mean well well so uh so well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know know know know know know know know know know know that the uh uh uh I mean well uh so well well um Bible is is is is is is is is is is is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to okay so so um like like like like like like like like like like like you know well so so uh view Money In fact money is is is is is is is is is is is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like I mean you know well I mean verse from Proverbs we we we we we we we we we we we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on on on on on on on on on on on non-traditional like okay like uh you know okay I mean like like I mean career career career career career career career career career career career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast so well so so so so so so so so so so so so okay well you know uh so uh about taking The Road Less Traveled to to to to to to to to to to to find your passion and purpose while navigating like well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean well uh you know the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your okay I mean uh so well well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay you know well host. Host Athena host Athena host Athena host host host host host host host host host host host Athena host Athena host Athena host Athena host Athena host Athena host Athena host Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist like well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well well I mean like like so Storyteller editor and certified oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh uh like um to do? Well it it it it it it it it it it it is and that's exactly why we're here every week well okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh okay I mean. I'm going to be sitting down with another another another another another another another another another another another multi - it whom I you know well okay so like well so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean well admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do how do how do how how how how how how how how how how how do how do how do how do how do how do how do how how how how how how how how how how how do you call on sucked a lot beaches? so um uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh um you know You can't hope to control we talked about about about about about about about about about about about peace and you kill cuz it's so you know so um I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like so okay um fun. You have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have made me very desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate. You might not be glad that you I mean um well okay okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay like you know did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so uh well you know okay okay comments participants kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know like you know well you know okay you know cool Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal uh um um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean um like okay well well experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case case case case case case case case case well uh I mean so uh you know so so okay uh at page page page page page page page page page page page Carnegie such. He coaches he coaches he coaches he coaches he coaches he coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches he coaches he coaches he coaches he coaches he coaches Keegan the views views views views views views views views views views views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do so so um uh uh okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and and and and and and and and and and and curator of this podcast so so uh okay uh um like well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean listeners discretion is advised. Because the because the because the because the because the the the the the the the the the the the because the because the because the because the because the because the cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean okay well um so so so like you know okay. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to like uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well well well so um well well record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and covid um you know so you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast like uh like um well you know like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum. Listen ship I mean okay uh okay I mean I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the the the the the the the the the the the free ankle um uh I mean well uh well you know like so like like like like like like like like like like like up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean you know so um uh like This Is wealth talk. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited about talking to you about money, so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um uh well like uh but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets. Love Theology and health because I I mean like so like so so uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know um believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have have have have have have have have have have have in your okay um you know um you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life life life life life life life life life life life spiritually emotionally well um you know um um you know like I mean well um your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that that that that that that that that that that that the so uh you know I mean uh okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean word of God you can seem to be dying light and it it it it it it it it it it it will be priced you know um um I mean uh uh um well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses I mean I mean okay you know you know uh so okay well um 9 through through through through through through through through through through through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now um well uh uh uh like well so like uh remain in my love. If If If If If If If If If If If you keep my commands, you will remain in my uh okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um so okay love just as I have kept my my my my my my my my my my my father's commands and remain in his love I like so okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so uh so I mean have told you this so that my joy may may may may may may may may may may may be in you and that uh uh like I mean uh okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like um so your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I I I I I I I I I I I have well you know you know okay okay um you know uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life life life life life life life life life life life well you know well well uh so okay uh uh I mean for for for for for for for for for for for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the the the the the the the the the the the self-mastery podcast. I want so like so um um uh well so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and and and and and and and and and and and I hope well I mean okay I mean um I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make podcast I mean I mean well okay uh you know so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your your podcast right okay so um well okay well like you know so well from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you um so um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean so uh so can be heard on Spotify up a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast and many more you so okay okay so well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay like well can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you you need to make a you know you know um you know um well you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean um successful podcast download the free. God will god will god will will will will will will will will will will will god will god will god will god will god will god will will will will will will will will will will will god will god will go to Anchor FM to get started okay um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well I mean well. Hey, what's up guys today? We have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so like like so so okay um you know one that mankind has has has has has has has has has has has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like um okay uh so uh you know that I think every single single single single single single single single single single single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like well so um um um you know Molly's. I am use use use use use use use use use use use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well so okay like I mean so playing I'm doing good. What What What What What What What What What What What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm um you know so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh I mean I mean well with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's what I'm trying to say to okay I mean uh so I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube so like well okay uh um I mean like I mean uh. So the used used used used used used used used used used used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This well okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so so well okay like like uh is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car um well so well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like uh okay well where it's not so easy to watch the the the the the the the the the the the video version. This is why this I mean um so uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so um like so audio version exists. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know so like um well you know I mean okay your podcasts we really really really really really really really really really really really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode like so so you know well well well well well well well well well well well like um like um um. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's highly recognizable protagonist was was was was was was was was was was was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of well um um you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know so I mean well I mean animation. A pioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer of technology and theme parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks the influence of Walt Disney on you know I mean I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh so uh um today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated understated understated understated understated understated understated understated understated understated understated. You could you could you could you could you could you could you could you could could could could could could could could could could could you could you could you could love him so um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like um well uh uh. You can hate him or you can can can can can can can can can can can love to hate him but you simply cannot I mean well well well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um well um uh ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that that that that that that that that that that that laughter is America's greatest export but uh uh um I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know like like uh well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um um like I mean uh you know Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the the the the the the the the the the the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her like uh uh um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay you know reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully um so like like uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like um so so but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion on Reddit okay uh you know like uh I mean um okay so okay passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake you know okay okay well I mean well you know like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying how I mean you know I mean you know like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like well okay the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying and the show taking okay I mean um so um you know so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show show show show show show show show show show show Runners so uh um like um uh um like okay you know are producers take take take take take take take take take take take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show uh um so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um I mean like I mean okay is specifically designed and run around the the the the the the the the the the the notion of having a villain. You can't uh um I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh well uh I mean guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every every every every every every every every every every every single season there like I mean um um um well um I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting confronting like um like okay okay well uh so okay okay her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one one one one one one one one one one one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one one one one one one one one one one one of the interns here at I mean like okay I mean I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um College Christian church for the college age. And today we are are are are are are are are are are are talking about emotions I mean I mean uh um well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh so or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? um uh okay like okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay um Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have have have have have have have have have have have you here. Taylor uh uh okay I mean okay um uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know like is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean like like okay um you know our theme for for for for for for for for for for for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so well uh you know so um um loneliness started with with with with with with with with with with with you? It started in high school. I could I could I could I could I I I I I I I I I I I could I could I could I could I could I could I could see it it it it it it it it it it it sprouting, but I okay uh um okay I mean like uh you know well like had a a a a a a a a a a a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know okay uh like uh I mean uh in college definitely hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of you know like like like like like like like like like like like like okay so um um uh uh well came about in college? Well, I came to to to to to to to to to to to Missouri Southern I go to well you know you know um so like like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way I mean uh okay okay so so uh uh so so to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide well well you you you you you you you you you you you know like like um like you know you know you know you all with bedtime stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories twice a week. It has it has it has it has it has it has has has has has has has has has has has it has it has it has it has it has creation tools that allow me me me me me me me me me me me to like so you know okay you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember Episodes of my um so so you know well you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know so um podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very very very very very very very very very very very easy for me to um so okay I mean okay well uh like um like like like like like like like like like like like distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to make uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like so so well well um um a podcast in one convenient place place place place place place place place place place place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well I mean like like I mean okay the the the the the the the the the the the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and well so so so so so so so so so so so um um I mean like like so so um provide an exegesis of the the the the the the the the the the the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh well okay like so you know from Matthew chapter 5 verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um well well uh okay you know you know like learned how it was said said said said said said said said said said said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy you know um so well well well well well well well well well well well well um okay uh I mean okay. But I say this to you love your enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies and pray for those who um I mean uh uh well okay so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father father father father father father father father father father father in Heaven for I mean so okay I mean um well you know so um um um um um um um um um um um you know he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as as as as as as as as as as as good um uh so well like like you know you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f well so uh okay um like you know like um okay m. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know so well um everything you need to to to to to to to to to to to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of so well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um um um um like like the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you I mean you know uh well um so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know okay okay can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't be easier. Download um uh um well so you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started started so okay uh you know you know well well um you know like sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we today today today today today today today today today today today we today we today we today we today we today we today we today we today we today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy with poles I mean you know you know okay you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder of two I mean um um well well okay uh well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt gooley well I mean okay okay I mean okay well okay okay like the the the the the the the the the the the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor brooke-taylor to well I mean well I mean well you know so okay well like be be be be be be be be be be be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um uh you know like I mean um 5:30 p.m. To celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from uh well well well well well well well well well well well um you know um like like like uh like two birds and we go go go go go go go go go go go through the episode and we try and have a taste like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like um okay um I mean okay I mean of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well um um okay okay uh you know okay two episodes on Michelle Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her um I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay I mean um okay like boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing committing committing committing committing committing committing committing committing committing committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind uh well um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like I mean I mean um and then encouraged him to commit suicide he he he he he he he he he he he did is she responsible for his okay you know like like um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um uh death or did the medication she was taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking effect her behavior to hear more so well um I mean well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free free free free free free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever you like like uh you know uh like like like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean get your podcasts. Due to due to due to due to to to to to to to to to to to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to to to to to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean well um you know so this episode includes discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive like you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um so like well uh like well. We advise we advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have well well well well well well well well well well well well like well uh you know um well um um one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way for you to start and make okay like uh I mean um um well well well well well well well well well well well um so uh a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have have have have have have have have have have have creation tools available to you like so I mean uh so like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or uh you know okay uh well okay you know okay uh like computer. And And And And And And And And And And And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know like well well uh um uh your podcast too many different platforms, including including including including including including including including including including including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's you know okay like um like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay uh that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but but but but but but but but but but but it's profitable to I mean well so okay um you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things things things things things things things things things things things that well like well okay you know so well uh I mean uh you love love love love love love love love love love love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean uh well like well I mean too good to be true. How How How How How How How How How How How much how much how much how much how much how much how much how much much much much much much much much much much much how much how much how much is it cost me to use anchor um well well well well well well well well well well well so uh like so so okay so you know. Are you ready for this this this this this this this this this this this zero? It does it does it does it does it does it does it does does does does does does does does does does does it does it does it does it does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know well well okay um well show. So I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here here here here here here here here here here here. Maybe I mean I mean you know uh you know I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people people people people people people people people people people people who aren't listening you know uh so so well uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well in the morning? Good night good night good night good good good good good good good good good good good night good night good night good night good night good night good night night night night night night night night night night night good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of like like like like like like like like like like like well so so well I mean I mean okay I mean well that. Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know well like like okay like like our little podcast. We say say say say say say say say say say say we say we say we say we say we say we say we say we we we we we we we we we we we say we say we say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening for the you know um I mean I mean well well like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you you you you you you you you you you you so so so well so well I mean so so you know hit play play play play play play play play play play play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know like well you know okay well for you to subscribe and and and and and and and and and and and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that like like like like like like like like like like like like well um okay I mean okay so well I mean wherever you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got got got a Facebook group so um uh okay I mean I mean so like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook audiobook download and okay uh I mean you know uh okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a a a a a a a a a a a hundred um I mean uh okay uh okay okay uh uh well eighty thousand titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 you know like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh um okay you know player. Before we before we before we we we we we we we we we we we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we we we we we we we we we we we before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like um I mean I mean I mean you know uh talk to to to to to to to to to to to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like okay I mean so uh you know uh Episode 34 of Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh I mean well okay I mean interactive web app that enables enables enables enables enables enables enables enables enables enables enables children ages 13 and up and adults with well uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean so well um special needs to make friends based based based based based based based based based based based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents well okay well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean you know and caregivers can also sign up to connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast host okay uh well so well well you know uh like um many of of of of of of of of of of of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but but but but but but but but but but but well I mean well uh so okay I mean like well um if you you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the like well well well well well well well well well well well um you know um um well like like you know easiest most efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from so uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know you know so so the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow so um uh um so so so so so so so so so so so so well like you know okay you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor distributes uh you know like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know uh okay your podcast for you. That you you you you you you you you you you you that you that you that you that you that you that you that that that that that that that that that that that you that you that you that you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and like okay you know um uh like I mean like okay well many other platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make okay you know like so like you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know a podcast in one place. So get on it and go go go go go go go go go go go download the free anchor well like so um you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why is it um so so like so well I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 we witness nor Dame's well I mean okay I mean uh like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know so first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank God. I don't know about like well so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like um like you guys. But those those last couple of of of of of of of of of of of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and um I mean well like well you know um um um um um um um um um um um so well okay pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give give give give give give give give give give give me something to uh well okay so I mean uh I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like like work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're answering so I mean so you know okay well I mean so you know well August August August August August August August August August August August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in in in in in in in in in in in uh okay um okay um well well okay well so that stuff and That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like um um you know okay okay you know well belt we can talk about that that that that that that that that that that that will talk extensively about that. I uh well like well you know like well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um want to start with the in book because and Pete I saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw you put I mean so um okay okay well uh um well I mean out out out out out out out out out out out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put put put put put put put put put put put like uh like okay like I mean I mean uh well well out a a a a a a a a a a a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday well you you you you you you you you you you you know so so well um um um like okay and I we were pretty comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable comparable there especially at safety check out your so so okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um um uh like well list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host Hannah OD worn in this I mean so um um um okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored restored restored restored restored restored restored restored restored restored restored to life I mean I mean well so I mean so you know um um um um um um um um um um um like well again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most most most most most most most most most most most of so I mean uh you know I mean you know um okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today today today today today today today today today today today well I mean you know um you know you know I mean well um so. I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have my good friend will with me on the the the the the the the the the the the show. What up, he uh I mean okay uh like okay okay so well well well well well well well well well well well like is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me me me me me me me me me me me uh okay like okay well um like um okay I mean. That's right right right right right right right right right right right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay so uh uh you know I mean well the Christian world world world world world world world world world world world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so um well well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean you know okay uh I mean just tell me a a a a a a a a a a a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the the the the the the the the the well I mean well um um so uh I mean like like reflection of my view view view view view view view view view view view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is like you know like like like like like like like like like like like like um like um uh like okay also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and and and and and and and and and and and words of Tourism. Simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but Sophia um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like well you know you know I mean okay uh will be myth karev karev karev karev karev karev karev karev karev karev karev to her proper. She look she look she look she look she look she look look look look look look look look look look look she look she look she look she look she look today as well as as as as as as as as as as as all the um um well well like uh um you know like like singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, so so I mean okay um I mean okay well like like so in loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key um you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean okay um well like a cold brew is dedicated in loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and okay so uh well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh like okay watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored by don't have I mean um so like you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well okay you know you know I mean uh like fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking this well okay um well so like um um well you know is a a a a a a a a a a a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up what's up what's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up as tech fans? fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans Welcome to well well um um um okay so so uh like the Aztec breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh um well um uh joined by anybody today as has has has has has has has has has has has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like well like uh like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay like okay I've said today the plan is I you know, I I I I I I I I I I I really struggled over the uh uh um so uh I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like like like course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about about about about about about about about about about about okay uh like so um okay um uh uh um. And you know, I I I I I I I I I I I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're so so like so um uh you know uh okay I mean your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay you know you know well uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case case case case case case case case case case case suggestion by a you know I mean so uh I mean uh okay okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving um um um okay so okay like I mean um uh a comment for us and and and and and and and and and and and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves um uh you know like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay um uh a strong cup of Joe and and and and and and and and and and and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer uh so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh you know um well um is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Montana to get her nails well I mean well so so so like well um um um um um um um um um um um okay done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found they found they found found found found found found found found found found found they found they found they found they found they found they found they found they found found found found found found found found found found found will tell like um okay okay well uh I mean so I mean uh you how how how how how how how how how how how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know like uh okay you know you know you know well years years years years years years years years years years years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so I mean okay like uh so well um would eventually be tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried for the murder of a single woman. It would you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know well so uh uh um take years for police police police police police police police police police police police to connect him to four other murders years and a well um so like like like like like like like like like like like you know um um so um I mean clever. A gator who got the DNA he he he he he he he he he he he needed. So if you like like you know like you know like you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay like um your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start start start start start start start start start start start your day with so like uh I mean well I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old old old old old old old old old old old Tina um you know I mean um okay so I mean I mean well well Elizabeth. Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated you know so well well well well well well well well well well well you know so you know like okay I mean like by a pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, but first, but first, but first, let uh you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like um like me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast you know okay um okay uh well so uh so um um um um um um um um um um um. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that you know uh okay so you know um like I mean um um allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay so you know uh so you know uh okay anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple like like like like like like like like like like like so okay uh so well well um uh you know podcasts and many many more more more more more more more more more more more places to list keeps on growing and you can so you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um um so uh you know so make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need uh like I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like like to make a podcast in one place. So get started today today today today today today today today today today today start well um well okay like you know um you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to like I mean well okay like like like like so uh Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can um like you know like um like like like like like like like like like like like like um well um listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists all I mean like I mean you know I mean uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay in one place for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't even need a premium account Spotify has a so um so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know well so huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including including including including including including including including including including including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my my my my my my my my my my my you know like you know well um you know you know so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good good good good good good good good good good good okay I mean um um um you know so you know um I mean day day day day day day day day day day day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except except except except except except except except except except except it's um okay okay I mean um um um okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know you know uh okay like uh so okay well that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got got got got got got got got got got got some great like you know you know uh uh uh so okay you know uh stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That like um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well so um you know okay you know was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay I mean uh like uh so okay talk about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay I mean so I mean uh uh make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to so okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like uh like like record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know okay so you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so um podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple pie case you know well well so like like um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and well like so okay I mean I mean okay you know okay uh it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean like um so I mean um I mean free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are so you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like well okay I mean um you going to love this one? I put out so so so so so so so so so so so much content that if you listen well you know uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay well to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This episode is being brought to you by well so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well like like um you know anchor if you aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution you know know know know know know know know know know know so like like uh okay I mean uh uh um side and an an an an an an an an an an an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh so um okay um well like. It's definitely one one one one one one one one one one one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so well well uh uh will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the the the the the the the the the the the various different platforms. It also has uh I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay like like so a lot of editing tools where you can edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from a so okay okay well like okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have have have have have have have have have have have a nice podcast all okay um uh you know I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know in one place. So, please so, please so, please so, please please please please please please please please please please please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please please please please please please please please please please please so, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um well you know well okay Anchor or FM to get started. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, I'm good good good good good good good good good good good I mean well uh okay like okay well okay you know um. And it's going going going going going going going going going going going good. Pretty good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for doing this for for for for for for for for for for for me, man. I so okay um you know um like you know so like like like like like like like like like like like so think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am calling this number because I I I I I I I I I I I saw it on a bathroom wall. See so you know you know like um well well well well well well well well well well well like well well okay if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going going going going going going going going going going going to hell and today is okay like you know I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean um going to be extremely exciting. I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us so okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um you know okay um well but before we hop into that, I I I I I I I I I I I just wanted to go over I sold okay um um I mean so okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean like myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I um like okay uh so so okay okay uh like came came came came came came came came came came came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My My My My My My My My My My My like uh um okay um you know you know I mean uh okay boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think think think think think think think think think think think I've okay I mean you know so so um okay you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate okay uh um so like okay okay okay uh um because he loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide uh um well like uh like okay okay well you know to get stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're I mean um so like I mean okay like um okay um passionate about serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished um like well you know know know know know know know know know know know like so well so like um guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained on those long slow runs I mean so I mean like well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer and a certified nutrition and uh so uh okay like okay okay um um uh weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates like like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean so so uh you know uh um expert extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and um well well well well well well well well well well well well like okay okay you know you know you know you know on Instagram and Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by well um um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh um uh like well uh clicking visit group on our page page page page page page page page page page page and sending us a member of West if you're like so uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know so like you know enjoying the show, please, please please please please please please please please please please please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask that is okay um like uh like well well so like like my best best best best best best best best best best best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate nasty okay um um um um um um um um um um um so uh you know uh uh okay you know um couple of nicknames. He had had had had had had had had had had had he had he had he had he had he had he had he had had had had had had had had had had had he had he had he had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh the oh the oh the oh the oh the oh the oh the oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh the oh the oh the oh the so like I mean like well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like so clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you you you you you you you you you you you I'm going uh well you know you know well so so okay okay so to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you those stories from all over. The years the years the years the years the the the the the the the the the the the years the years the years the years the years the years the years but the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason okay um well uh like like like okay well I mean we're looking for Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know well uh so you know so uh and I'm not saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a you know like well well well well well well well well well well well well well um so you know well so couple days when I get my sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a like uh so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like well so year. This man can disappear at times. He has has has has has has has has has has has a lot of stuff going on so like well I mean like like um um um um um um um um um um um um so like in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business business business business business business business business business like okay um uh so okay like like um well owners looking for a better better better better better better better better better better better way in business and life this week. We're okay we're okay we're okay we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean well like I mean you know uh um looking for a a a a a a a a a a a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so like you know like uh um you know know what? I'm really glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad we decided to look at this book this week because well uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um like okay well I like I just went went went went went went went went went went went to revisit it a wee bit and I well you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so well uh okay like uh realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize I was doing since I um uh you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like like you know you know read this book, but it kind of of of of of of of of of of of just there so intuitive they just kind of made okay like so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean well you know so their way into my routine because I I I I I I I I I I I was aware of a way to do things uh okay so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so like better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is is is is is is is is is is is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again back again back again back again back again back again back again again again again again again again again again again again back again back again back again back again fun see this is like thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought the episode I didn't even use like you know well um uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like uh it. I know I don't even think we get past the the the the the the the the the the the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello okay so uh okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh you know. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest for haven't eaten the um so like um like okay uh um okay well sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of of of of of of of of of of of okay so like so well well like okay so well the show some Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter like okay um like well well well well well well well well well well well um so well okay well translating right or crooked right? So bend as our our our our our our our our our our our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who so you know um um okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay like you know I mean um um like Edge today. We'll speak about about about about about about about about about about about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was you know so like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay uh um so um um a kid. Kid growing up in in in in in in in in in in in Minnesota. Oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe I was about 13 or or or or or or or or or or or 14 years old you know uh so well like um okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I I I I I I I I I I I wanted to accept I mean so so I mean um well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a so like like like like like like like like like like like um so uh you know I mean so you know uh trumpet player. Already playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta and the community well I mean um I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like like like like like like like like like like like you to I mean um you know okay so uh I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast. Let's do this. Hello I mean you know um like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards The Meta and the well I mean like well uh uh like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or or or or or or or or or or or the well um like so okay I mean so okay um so lift outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh well uh uh like you know is a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get get get get get get get get get get get okay so okay uh um um okay I mean um um our schedules to work work work work work work work work work work work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can can can can can can can can can can can listen to all of like so uh so so you know so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account account account account account account account account account account account like okay I mean I mean I mean okay you know um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so like well I mean well well um you know can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download well like like like like like like like like like like like like like uh like um uh well I mean episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever and easily share what you're listening to um okay uh like uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um so um with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be be be be be be be be be be be sure uh I mean uh uh um I mean I mean like so you know to to to to to to to to to to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts like okay okay okay like okay well okay well well in the your library tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean well I mean well you know miss an episode of of of of of of of of of of of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh you know you know I mean like um of of of of of of of of of of of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom Trottacom. And well uh well I mean I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over over over over over over over over over over over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip well you know okay uh well like like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip dislocations are usually posterior and okay well okay well I mean so uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know well may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than than than than than than than than than than than 10 years of age treatment like well like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean like I mean is urgent closed reduction under under under under under under under under under under under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like I mean like I mean you know so is an an an an an an an an an an an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% um um um um um um um um um um um okay like uh okay well uh like you know uh of these injuries or or or or or or or or or or or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common so I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so so well like well like well than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries are more common than hip fractures you know I mean well um you know well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 may be secondary you know like okay I mean like well well you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know so you know okay okay okay um lap record, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did like well uh um um well well well well well well well well well well well uh like you know um all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the so so well like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh you know um unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He He He He He He He He He He He didn't have any rainbows on you know you know um you know like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and and and and and and and and and and and Steph podcast uh so like so well uh okay I mean like um. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay like um like so I mean well you who don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were so okay okay um so so so so so so so so so so so like okay you know you know so some major major news dropped today and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sure you know about it well so I mean I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean. I don't know how much time you've had to think think think think think think think think think think think about this but this um um so um I mean so like like so like like like like like like like like like like like is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I I I I I I I I I I I think it's like I mean you know so um well well okay so um um um um um um um um um um um time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is well well well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean uh so like well okay I mean about the new baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad so well so um so I mean um so um like this up actually did did did did did did did did did did did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know so you know so um um so was and her deal is is is is is is is is is is is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy the most so I mean you know like okay okay so well well well well well well well well well well well uh well Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to to to to to to to to to to to you know well well like okay you know so you know um like buy tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets to come to your shows. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't need this this this this this this this this this this this right here well well so like like you know you know well uh so so so so so so so so so so so. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and like um um um um um um um um um um um so okay so well well um um you know I'll throw a lasso around. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro okay okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like like you know on what you're about to hear Johnny got invited by by by by by by by by by by by one of our like so um you know well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know uh like okay um okay well okay called called called called called called called called called called called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills it like well so you know you know so you know uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know it's really good talks about core values talks about how important those those those those those those those those those those those are you know so uh like you know I mean you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean and how vital it is to know what your core values are so so so so so so so so so so so you I mean uh like so you know you know so so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming to like uh so uh I mean okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so well give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have have have have have have have have have have have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, well you know well um okay okay well you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean how are you? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango Arango from the American Museum of okay I mean so uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well like um like Natural History. You heard her on our do not not not not not not not not not not not underestimate the flamingo episode where well like I mean okay like uh okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on on on on on on on on on on on the planet. Yeah. They're you know um so like uh you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call call call call call call call call call call call today. Sure um sure um sure um sure um sure um sure um um um um um um um um um um um sure um sure um sure um sure um sure um uh like so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well. I don't know if you're on social media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has okay you know um well like well so so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw it. It was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um you know you know you know so you know brought to my my my my my my my my my my my attention by a few people. It looks like you know so uh um uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know well I mean a picture from a flamingo crime scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the you know like like like um so you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay I mean SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with well okay you know like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well um uh Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and you're the CEO uh okay well you know um well well like uh um season 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If uh if if if if if if if if if if if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if if if if if if if if if if if uh if uh uh um you know so I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of of of of of of of of of of of time that if you I mean okay I mean so so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain. They um okay well so I mean well I mean um okay uh are wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um you know like I mean uh you know I mean so hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with with with with with with with with with with with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a a a a a a a a a a a chore but a great car can um well um uh like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well uh so be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or or or or or or or or or or or family require well I mean so um so uh okay um you know like like like like like like like like like like like. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so so um uh uh like it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I uh I uh I I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh you know I mean okay so uh like well um uh am am am am am am am am am am am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you're uh um uh well well so you know so like okay happy for for for for for for for for for for for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like you know like well well well well in the winter sort of revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I um so so uh so so so so so so so so so so so like okay well um well last started it the day after Christmas because I I I I I I I I I I I had to get it out um well like um uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to wrap like okay like okay uh well so like like okay my my my my my my my my my my my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas I mean I mean you know okay so so like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last time. It like um well like you know I mean you know okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by by by by by by by by by by by the well like okay uh uh uh like like I mean well way, where where where where where where where where where where where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a a a a a a a a a a a you know like uh uh like uh I mean like so you know heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard and okay so uh I mean uh um um okay okay well a husband here with with with with with with with with with with with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh well um um like uh so. We will be discussing breath load load load load load load load load load load load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page so um well you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh well you know okay you know of rough road today. We We We We We We We We We We We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought we thought we thought we thought we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought we thought we thought we thought we thought we thought we thought for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's death I mean okay uh well well uh so so so uh. We would actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just learn okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know um like I mean so I mean the dots together and and and and and and and and and and and see what we can glean from some of its insights will start so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh um I mean I mean I mean uh with a murabbi oven which which which which which which which which which which which is Really the first topic that's on the top uh well uh so so like like like like like like like like like like like you know um okay um. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add add add add add add add add add add add Del Canto The Colony club I mean you know I mean well um well um um um um um um um um um um um so um um meeting Asha Asha. I need I need I need I need need need need need need need need need need need I need I need I need I need I need I need I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based well you know uh uh you know so so okay I mean um practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking uh um um um um um um um um um um um well so uh I mean okay um like well to teachers welcome to this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher you know okay well so so um um um um um um um um um um um like um well well development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational educational educational educational educational educational educational educational educational educational educational. So we have a strip well uh well I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well well okay like Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development development development development development development development development development development development trusts section or the well okay I mean I mean um so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and and and and and and and and and and and books. They you they you they you they you they you they you they you you you you you you you you you you you they you they you they you they you know uh okay well uh okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um will return next week. So it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like so I mean you know I mean so okay ormer Akbar in conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording well well well well well well well well well well well so well I mean I mean uh well uh so okay especially early in the week week week week week week week week week week week this week because I have just been recording a uh like so well well well well well well well well well well well like well okay um well so couple of Epic podcast. So as so as so as as as as as as as as as as as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as as as as as as as as as as as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you um um um um um um um um um um um uh um well uh you know okay uh so uh like thinking deep. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. How about how about how about how about how about how about how how how how how how how how how how how about how about how about how about how about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got the you know um uh well so I mean okay okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try try try try try try try try try try try to I mean well I mean so so like you know well so well well well well well well well well well well well find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, if you're listening um like um well uh uh I mean well okay well to to to to to to to to to to to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I don't know okay so so you know you know like well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of issues like well okay you know so well so okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow blow blow blow blow blow blow blow blow blow blow so so um so well um um so so you know but we don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim uh well um um um um um um um um um um um like okay well okay uh well like and Chris Donna podcast for now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay you know like well okay one sounds better. We'll figure it out out out out out out out out out out out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this like so so well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know like uh you know is our podcast is first time something new new new new new new new new new new new just you know had an idea one so you know you know well um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well so um day like hey, you know, we do have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of talks and sometimes uh uh okay like um like um like well well well well well well well well well well well okay we're going to like deep talking. So we so we so we so so so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we just just just just just just just just just just just thought hey, you know might uh so um I mean um I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the gross okay uh well okay you know so well like uh uh margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and uh well like like like like like like like like like like like so like so well uh okay so plasmid model X on Tesla by this is is is is is is is is is is is something I'm really really excited about from okay like you know so okay um um um um um um um um um um um well um you know like a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this this this this this this this this this this this shout out to like well okay like um uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well I mean I mean um well so like so just recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay uh well okay like like okay like the model 3. It's like a a a a a a a a a a a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these um like so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so okay okay so really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model model model model model model model model model model model 3 which already cost 60 okay well um like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know okay Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more more more more more more more more more more more for these new tires I mean like so um so so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so um and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better better better better better better better better better better better on the track like well like um like well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay uh you know like like uh you know uh was just just just just just just just just just just just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury well well well well well well well well well well well like so well uh I mean I mean well so you know Performance Brand to upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort like uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um like I mean okay of Die Hard fans and like Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla nerds would love and the track package so okay well so um uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean is one example, but what I think is an an an an an an an an an an an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be be be be be be be be be be be uh uh well like so well um well like uh telling you about my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for like so you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean so okay so um I mean any type of podcast. It's free free free free free free free free free free free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer like you know um well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so or any other device to record it. And once you you you you you you you you you you you post the podcast, it uh um um um you know well well okay well so doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like um like okay okay you know you know um more exposure and and and and and and and and and and and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has everything you I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well well um well okay well uh I mean need in in in in in in in in in in in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of of of of of of of of of of of okay okay so okay well um uh well you know you know podcast I I I I I I I I I I I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know well you know like so um like. This is Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay okay so uh like so uh like don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk like um well you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know well like about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going going going going going going going going going going going to get the best um like uh like I mean I mean you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 time flies when uh so okay uh um uh like well so I mean you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good well uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh so um so okay um I mean one. Nice Feel Good Friday to to to to to to to to to to to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We like uh uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh you know have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play play play play play play play play play play play vplay vplay vplay vplay vplay vplay vplay vplay vplay vplay from the New Orleans Saints I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know well like like uh I mean so playoff game that that that that that that that that that that that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good good good good good good good good good good good I mean uh I mean I mean so uh you know like so uh answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay well well well well conversation that you could potentially want to to to to to to to to to to to hear about life. We can't thank you enough uh okay okay well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like so uh so for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could could could could could could could could could could could do a lot so so well um well well I mean so well um of of of of of of of of of of of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like uh you know well I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use I use I use use use use use use use use use use use I use I use I use I use I use I use I use I I I I I I I I I I I use Q-tips all the time I mean you know uh uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um like. I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love me too. I I I I I I I I I I I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, okay okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay so I mean okay though because they you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it well so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay so um you know I mean in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you been looking for a way to to to to to to to to to to to start a podcast? If so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if if if if if if if if if if if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, uh so okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know um like you know look no further. If you haven't heard of of of of of of of of of of of anchor it's the easiest way to make okay uh I mean okay like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay uh you know a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to you know like okay well um like like like like like like like like like like like um like you know I mean host your content. There's creation tools that allows you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your okay well so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay so podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you I mean uh well um you know like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host host host host host host host host host host host your RSS feed to well uh uh so uh uh you know well well you you you you you you you you you you you know Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can can can can can can can can can can can make so so you know I mean well okay so uh uh uh money. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like you know well okay um uh well in a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. You have something to say you want you know like well so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so you know okay so to get it out. You You You You You You You You You You You want to write a note just upload and turn on uh so um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay so um you know I mean okay your anchor app on your your your your your your your your your your your phone and hit record and save notes to your I mean uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know like so I mean library to upload to future episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um um well you know okay okay you know about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a like um I mean I mean well uh you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your okay so so uh I mean okay okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor we anchor we anchor we do well okay um okay so um like you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular platforms, like apple uh like I mean uh okay well you know okay so so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um you know um like I mean you know you know I mean earn money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like um um so so so so so so so so so so so uh um um um okay like make a podcast and one place download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to like uh I mean well like well well um so like like like like like like like like like like like Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow I mean like you know so so like uh well uh I mean a podcast that that that that that that that that that that that allows people like you and me to invest our money in so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh like you know like uh well the more entertaining way way way way way way way way way way way. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer by the uh um like okay I mean um well you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll like like you know uh you know uh I mean so I mean like be be be be be be be be be be be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn you learn you you you you you you you you you you you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you you you you you you you you you you you learn my process the uh I mean uh okay um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean lessons. I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know like uh I mean I mean well welcome back to the show show show show show show show show show show show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my my my my my my my my my guarantee like so okay okay I mean like um uh you know well but but but but but but but but but but but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid covid covid covid covid covid covid covid covid covid covid Bhai um like like uh you know um okay like like you know. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm promo. Anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley can just use our our our our our our our our our our our code. That's KU Z AZ you know I mean like so you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean you know and me honking honking meaning in a script to get get get get get get get get get get get the full code. Just like just like just like just like just like just just just just just just just just just just just like just like just like just like just like just like um uh so so so so so so so so so so so um uh um so uh so listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again again again again again again again again again again again. This is huge and you're so you know so you know I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um listening to good answers. Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well okay I mean um okay with us on good good good good good good good good good good good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so well um okay. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This This This This This This This This This This This Iris and this is huge and you're um uh well well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well like um I mean listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the the the the the the okay you know you know uh okay uh like you know uh uh top 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event today's event today's event today's event today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's event today's event today's event today's event today's event today's event today's event comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes to us from you know uh well like um uh I mean um okay so 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992. When the when the when the when the when the when the when the the the the the the the the the the the when the when the when the when the Little League World Series Was Won by by by by by by by by by by by an Unstoppable group of uh uh like so like um uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh uh um well uh like well uh until deceptions of age and and and and and and and and and and and geography came to light and changed everything for more well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay like I mean so like so shocking sports events from history tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh I mean uh well listen free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well like well okay uh is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Sports and while it might evoke well so um uh well okay okay like so well well well well well well well well well well well an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some some some some some some some some some some some 91 well you know you know um I mean uh okay so well so over over over over over over over over over over over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like so um um well the blood of Jesus that if if if if if if if if if if if the virus is a wave around and tries you know I mean well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know like okay like to even come close. The fault the the the the the the the the the the the fault the fault the fault the fault the fault the fault the fault the the the the the the the the the the the fault the fault the fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk don't talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk don't talk don't talk too much about okay uh like so you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so did you hear this more people are dying now and and and and and and and and and and and this was happening is coming close uh you know um uh well um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so um some of already coming to India. I don't know whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether it's going to come uh um well I mean I mean like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um well to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it it it it it it it it it it it kicked out of okay so uh well so uh like uh well um Hyderabad right? right right right right right right right right right right There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College College College College College College College College College College College podcast. I'm here well you know um um okay like so um um um um um um um um um um um um like with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on on on on on on on on on on on so on so on so on so on so on so on so on on on on on on on on on on on so on so on so on this episode okay um um uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh like so we are man for episode is really funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny because we're just kind like well I mean okay uh like well like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have a okay uh okay um well so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh uh feeling that this is going to be a serious. So So So So So So So So So So So we'll call it vol 1 um okay like well so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, okay uh so like I mean like so um okay like so I extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what what what what what what what what what what what would um I mean uh um like um okay so like so that look look look look look look look look look look look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are well so well well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean so you know uh you know talking about in today's episode. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get things started. The coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus is the Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk well um uh I mean well well so um well you know of of of of of of of of of of of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some some some some some some some some some some some detail like you know well so like so so you know okay so from a a a a a a a a a a a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk so so so so so so so so so so so uh um so I mean um uh you know you know well less about masks and and and and and and and and and and and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so like you know uh um so um impact just the the the the the the the the the the the overall impact. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is having on well everyone before we we we we we we we we we we we well well uh well um um okay like well well get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me me me me me me me me me me me um well okay so um okay well um okay okay P frog. Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's you it's you you you you you you you you you you you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you you you you you you you you you you you it's you know well you know like um you know like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay uh well so um you know um 90s rap brother. I heard I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard because I played it for you. This one's for okay well so um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well okay well so you man. I don't know not to to to to to to to to to to to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome so like okay um okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh like uh to the Moa. No photo show. We are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but uh uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um so uh well you know like well also gangster rap gangsta rap son son son son son son son son son son son that day all day, but we were well you know um like um um um um um um um um um um um like uh I mean um okay a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No No No No No No No No No No No. No we'd be so don't get okay okay you know well uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh so enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this this this this this this this this this this this gangster rap. Anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you you you you you you you you you you you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you know you know okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know so um like I love Snoop Dogg not not not not not not not not not not not awkward. So anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure it's where the wind goes whipping uh you know um you know well uh so like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew of it so I mean so well I mean so well like okay like. But But But But But But But But But But But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those like like like like like like like like like like like so like uh like you know like okay um uh no-good greasers and those rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your um well you know so so so so so so so so so so so like so like like well okay host Emily Edwards. What is it about about about about about about about about about about about this book? That just gets it I mention uh okay um you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um uh um it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me me me me me me me me me me me today is writer journalist okay okay okay um I mean okay so so like well well well well well well well well well well well Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am really really really really really really really really really really really good. I'm really good. Thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so so so so so so so so so so so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um so so well you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host. Dr. Maggie like so you know you know um well so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in in in in in in in in in in in Clinical Psychology. I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well um well also the founder of the online group therapy platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform model that care. I love helping people you know I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um like okay um so like overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please please please please please please please please please please please join us each week as like um like like um well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for for for for for for for for for for for effectively dealing um um uh you know so you know so um well uh with with with with with with with with with with with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like like like like like like like like like sounds well okay I mean so so like so you know well okay like and and and and and and and and and and and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears like like like like like like like like like like like okay like I mean so so well okay okay so and find that despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean you know uh so well meaningful life with a reputed approach approach approach approach approach approach approach approach approach approach approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know like um I mean uh so what clients do well well well well well well well well well well well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock well okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay you know um so my model for Psychotherapy can be summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help like um so well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know you know okay conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection imperfection. Join me join me join me join me join me join me join me join join join join join join join join join join join me join me join me join me Maria Sosa of uh so okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay well uh you know like holistically Grace as we take a deep dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive into redefining and exploring Health through the okay so so well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay um uh mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She She She She She She She She She She She is she is she is she is she is she is she is she is is is is is is is is is is is she is she is she is an author Wellness consultant well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well so well um like uh so and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through um uh like like so well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean well like storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without without without without without without without without without without without shame. She is the magic behind uh uh okay uh I mean um okay like like like like like like like like like like like like you know words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time favorite the today I well you know you know uh um uh like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think think think think think think think think think fags I mean um I mean well you know uh well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like you know okay um so well DJ Scream big big big big big big big big big big big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know I mean okay um so got family in the building y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome uh okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like uh uh. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod his head ha ha uh uh so you know you know like so um like like like like like like like like like like like uh ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I I think this is just a conversation. It's uh uh um okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay okay you know like talking to you know, one of your your your your your your your your your your your partner and well, um so um okay um you know you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so so why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do do do do do do do do do do do like um um you know so uh I mean well uh okay we know know know know know know know know know know know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going well so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay uh I mean you know okay uh to tell the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know like like um you know. Can you do that? that that that that that that that that that that Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off so um uh okay um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like so you know last time we talked it was just just just just just just just just just just just just just talking about you and uh well well okay so like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, but okay so I mean um I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so like well I mean well I mean like going to be bringing on a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine this woman and I met let's see uh you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like um I mean uh you know well here probably close to or right right right right right right right right right right right at ten years ago. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard to believe that so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like um um okay now we always shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind you know okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know well like well um of thing usually is what we we we we we we we we we we we would talk about when we get together. She's okay so um like uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean since moved away and We've just kind of we we we we we we we we we we we haven't chatted in a while, you know I mean so you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know well okay but it was really great to record this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. She has spent the last several I mean you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well well uh like like you know so years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty into it whenever I met her and she like so like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well you know um has spent all these years doing that. So she's going going going going going going going going going going going to share some of her I mean okay um like well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean knowledge of herbs and we had a really good good good good good good good good good good good discussion. I have to apologize that so I mean so okay okay like well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before before before before before before before before before before before I do this uh like so so so okay okay well um um again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are are are are are are are are are are are I mean uh I mean uh so um so okay like uh those who who who who who who who who who who who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And um and and and and and and and and and and and um and um and um and um and um and um and um and and and and and and and and and and and um and um and um uh I mean okay well um uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like so uh okay I mean like. Welcome to this week's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay okay um so you can smell it the weekends here and and and and and and and and and and and that's when you let the freaks out you know so you know well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um uh the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into into into into into into into into into into into this week's episode. I just want to so I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know like um um uh like tell you that this Friday March the the the the the the the the the the the 6th. I will I will I will I will I will I will I I I I I I I I I I I will I will I will I will I will be in Iowa uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so like like you know you know I mean um uh City at Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay uh um like um uh be in Detroit Michigan at electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so uh uh so uh so well like store. I've always wanted to play play play play play play play play play play play electricity. If really really excited to play that uh so like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh well uh I mean venue but today on the the the the the the the the the the the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know um like uh like why it's okay to fuck up. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's get into this week's episode. Are the um uh like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh podcast and the intro song this week is actually a a a a a a a a a a a song that a fan sent okay well I mean you know so so you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know um in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard like like like like like like like like like like like okay so you know okay so uh so like you know towards Ascension. So you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson and I uh I mean okay okay so uh so um um so so so so so so so so so so so am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the the the the the the the the the the the dream well like I mean you know like uh well like like okay speakers in in in in in in in in in in in another episode of tomes of magic. But before but before but before but before but but but but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before but before but before but before we we we we we we we we we we we do, I thought it uh uh um okay uh you know uh um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I mean uh uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean okay um uh doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to talk about the woo Kang now I mean well okay um so you you you you you you you you you you you know well um like like we talked for almost two and a A half hours just just just just just just just just just just just about the Wu-Tang you know well you know okay I mean well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where where where where where where where where where where where well uh um okay uh uh uh I mean okay I mean he takes 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours I mean well like um you you you you you you you you you you you know well like well um you know wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I I I I I I I I I I I made was I forgot that Australian summer um you know um uh um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh like like time and North American summer time do not occur at at at at at at at at at at at the same time. So I'm I mean okay you know um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well okay uh like, let's figure out a time to record what will will will will will will will will will will will be good and I'm like um okay I mean um um like so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh so 9:00 p.m. Your time your time your time your time your time time time time time time time time time time time your time your time your time your time your time your time sounds good and and and and and and and and and and and I work backwards and like I can wake so so okay um um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean like I mean up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the the the the the like okay okay you know okay um well okay well well world of of of of of of of of of of of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so uh well um well well so I mean notorious subjects every week in in in in in in in in in in in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring I mean uh well well well like okay uh um okay the most most most most most most most most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected well like like um uh I mean so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well you know like okay uh so uh well ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like like like like like like like like like like like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True True True True True True True Crime world like um I mean you know so well okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or well well well well well well well well well well well so so you know I mean so well um I mean you know wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well well I mean um like you know well so be posted in the description description description description description description description description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science science science science science science science science science science science versus from gimlet. We're back with an um so like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay uh update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated escalated. In the last few weeks I mean you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so um like you know I mean well in new cases of the the the the the the the the the the the virus have been going up and up as of right now I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like so uh you know I mean okay well. There are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there there are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh you know um like okay uh I mean fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel so I mean um you know I mean so okay so uh okay it here here here here here here here here here here here in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well uh like you know um so so estimate of how deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh um okay so um point four percent of the people people people people people people people people people people people who get it worldwide. So just how worried uh uh I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like you know um I mean um okay should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Day 2020. Our podcast I mean so okay so you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like you know is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is is is is is is is is is is is a celebration of so I mean you know uh uh so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um like well like uh I mean well for them to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss failings in their life both in their personal life okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well okay I mean you know like okay and in their career showing how much you you you you you you you you you you you can grow from things that maybe haven't uh like you know uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes officer at mha and okay well um like you know well so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um I'm the host for this episode today. I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have the lovely off Neil Blake okay so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean you know uh well you know with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh like so well okay so um. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate small talk and have a thing for well I mean like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay you know sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster are aesthetically point one. Monster um monster um monster um monster um monster um monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster um monster um monster um monster um monster um monster um um um um um um um um um um um um well well so so so uh um you know RX 93.1 and good morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very like like okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so okay well well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at at at at at at at at at at at home. Please send her some okay um okay I mean uh uh uh so well so so so so so so so so so so so well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know the drill you sure like so okay you know um so um um um um um um um um um um um um um well as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you you you you you you you you you you you so I mean I mean so I mean well I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass glass glass glass glass glass glass glass glass glass glass on the well like like I mean I mean um um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler okay like like like like like like like like like like like well you know like I mean um okay well I mean on the dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have to have to have to have to to to to to to to to to to to have to have to have to have to have to have to have you you you you you you you you you you you here Tuesday after so um I mean so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now now now now now now now now now now now. All right, folks. Hang right you know I mean you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um like well with us here time to pay the bills just to let let let let let let let let let let let you folks know that with so I mean so well so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially a thing of the past like well um um I mean um well uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you keep you know you know so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh like okay your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one one one one one one one one one of you know so I mean well I mean you know so um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know you know like so I mean so I mean imprisoned there with with with with with with with with with with with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others like you you you you you you you you you you you know um well like okay you know well um you know for death. By that time the the the the the the the the the the the electric chair had claimed the lives of a I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so you know so you know hundred and forty three murderers in in in in in in in in in in in New York City alone. And that number would I mean so you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um um like like like okay grow far greater as the years rolled on. But But But But But But But But But But But there but there but there but there but there but there but there but there there there there there there there there there there there but there but there but there was one man on death row you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean like uh so well you know like so in 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um okay well like you know okay convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in in in in in in in in in in in a violent rage. He was granted a um so well like okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one no one no one no one no one no one no one no no no no no no no no no no no one no one no one no one likes a cheater but we all seem to to to to to to to to to to to know one. Maybe it's like uh uh I mean okay um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one one one one one one one one one one one of your parents you know you know like I mean uh uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh okay I mean well okay uh okay um. It's even more personal perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've well um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like uh um so even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated and you never will. It I mean okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like so I mean right after all you're in a good relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship and the thought of betraying your current um well um like like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay you know partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your partner is sick or out like uh I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to to to to to to to to to to to find us okay I mean like you know so okay um um so you know know know know know know know know know know know go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the the the the the the the the the the the description below so so so so I mean like you know um well well well well well well well well well well well you know. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to our / like like I mean you know okay I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories victories victories victories victories victories victories victories victories victories victories over those so like um I mean well like like like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean who dared to cross them. Today's post today's post today's post today's post today's post today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's post today's post today's post today's post today's post today's post pick on the little little little little little little little little little little little girl playing paintball. Enjoy okay uh okay well like so um so so you know know know know know know know know know know know your forced. I'm out. So this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this happened to me years years years years years years years years years years years ago to the details so like well you know like well so um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle School I mean okay uh like okay you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to to to to to to to to to to to go into uh uh uh you know like you know okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for for for for for for for for for for for all the like okay you know so like like you know so you know like like like like like like like like like like like new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again again again again again again again again again again again uh so okay um you know um uh like you know so is after credits after after after after after after after after after after after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um I mean I mean uh you know I mean well Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to after credits. My name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name is Bryce and I'm like uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so so I mean um like here with my co-host. Her name is is is is is is is is is is is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this well like so um well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like is the first episode of our And we basically the the the the the the the the the the the end. Oh my God like um like well well like I mean okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to uh so I mean well so you know well so um uh see see see see see see see see see see see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing um so so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean I mean like um you know the creative like like like like like like like like like like like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay like um so so uh I mean about what it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh okay like so uh like you know uh. Also the time time time time time time time time time time time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other so you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay um so you know well like artists on this podcast as well. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're interested in listening to this podcast, I mean you know uh okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about about about about about about about about about about about so you know so well uh so like so I mean you know gold. Go touch an an an an an an an an an an an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean you know like um ounce in February. This is a a a a a a a a a a a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay you know you know uh like 2013. The question the the the the the the the the the the the question the question the question the question the question the question the question the question the the the the the the the the the the the question the question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his his his his his his his his his his his um uh like um uh I mean well well like um record high set set set set set set set set set set set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record well well okay um so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh like well uh high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, den, den, den, den, den, den, den, den, den, den, or at least until now. I uh I mean well um uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so well well like think it is first important to understand what drove prices to to to to to to to to to to to those sites in you know you know I mean uh well so well you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a business is not an easy task task task task task task task task task task task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot like um like I mean uh okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were were were were were were were were were were were the business Mentor comes in with like well like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like so um enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here to guide you join me well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um I mean like okay I mean well as I go along you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual which virtual which virtual which which which which which which which which which which which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual met the business I mean uh like you know well like um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you you you you you you you you you you you know, when I well I mean um uh okay well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host host host host host host host host host host host how to like uh okay I mean like well like I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so so so so so so so so so so so much so like you know well okay okay okay I mean so well you know that that that that that that that that that that that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to your favourite film is is is is is is is is is is is awful. As always. My um my um my um my um my um my my my my my my my my my my my um my um my um my um my um my um like well so so so so so so so so so so so so you know so okay you know well name is Luke. I'm with me me me me me me me me me me me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, which okay you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um okay so you know what weekly podcast the weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so like like you know I mean um we have because we've done our our our our our our our our our our our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh so you know um uh okay this if there's no guests today? today today today today today today today today today today That is true. We don't have a guest one uh I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know okay um uh um thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering when the guest was going to turn like so I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know okay up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it'd just be nice just the two uh like well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay well of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got we got a great show so okay uh like um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay like for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a a a a a a a a a a a new market you know um I mean uh so so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know like today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the the the the the the the the the the the Savage on this well you know well I mean uh you know well so okay so so so so so so so so so so so chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money money money money money money money money money money money update uh I mean you know um you know I mean so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say so so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know well so you know like well um we're at four four four four four four four four four four four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean you know like well um okay um was a $5. That's the the the the the the the the the the the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the that's the that's the point that I think we can probably Go to to to to to to to to to to to the dollar like so um like so like uh well um so store almost five five five five five five five five five five five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh so like you know I mean like ball or like a confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef uh okay you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um I mean like stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we we we we we we we we we we we can see ya Takin darts at um um um well well um um um um um um um um um um um well so uh so a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this this this this this this this this this this this is the most okay um uh uh like you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool it's cool it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool it's cool five for the boy likes uh um well so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know like five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week well like I mean like okay you know you know well well um and and and and and and and and and and and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing so so so so so so so so so so so uh um I mean okay um okay um so I mean on the top of your your your your your your your your your your your mouth on one side and brush all the way so so okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean okay to the molars in the back three. Today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're learning about a brilliant uh I mean okay okay uh I mean I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so well scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things things things things things things things things things things things okay uh like uh uh I mean so okay well uh and the scientists name name name name name name name name name name name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was was was was was was was was was was was franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was curious about science as as as as as as as as as as as a young I mean so you know so so uh like uh like well girl. She She She She She She She She She She She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like well well you know okay so only schools that taught women women women women women women women women women women women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay you know so okay she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the the the the the the the the the the the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the pastor of Elevation Church Church Church Church Church Church Church Church Church Church Church in this well I mean you know okay um so um you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us today. Hope this inspires okay I mean so uh uh well uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know well you hope it builds your faith. Hope it hope it hope it it it it it it it it it it it hope it hope it hope it hope it hope it hope it hope it it it it it it it it it it it hope it gives you perspective to see God is so so um um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean you know um well I mean moving in your your your your your your your your your your your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know I mean like uh uh and I am going to to to to to to to to to to to go ahead I normally have you stand um you know well so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh to read the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and and and and and and and and and and and sit down well well okay like I mean uh so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know and we'll take it slow. God bless you. My scripture my scripture my my my my my my my my my my my scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture my scripture from today's point of like like okay okay so like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon will probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably take two weeks to preach okay I mean uh well uh so uh like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean. We did it last night. The Lord the Lord the Lord the the the the the the the the the the the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the the the the the the the the the the the Lord the Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody well so you know know know know know know know know know know know um well you know I mean so you know like said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know like uh so well um like audio podcast. I am buttress the the the the the the the the the the the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive uh I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean um okay I mean okay online community of artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay so okay well okay curate online for us to talk about which is is is is is is is is is is is why both our tagline for phenomenology I mean you know so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean well well um club and the subtitle for this discussion series is is is is is is is is is is is talk about it. Most of okay uh um well so like I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so so these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in in in in in in in in in in in so like you know okay uh um you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well well interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the the the the the the the the the the the notifications uh you know well okay well so well okay so like at youtube.com phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean uh uh um okay we do and how you you you you you you you you you you you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I um um um um um um um um um um um well like like um uh like I mean well okay wanted to take a brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief moment today to let you know about the well well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well uh uh easiest way possible to start your your your your your your your your your your your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects like so you know know know know know know know know know know know so like you know um well so so are actually having a service to to to to to to to to to to to host and distribute the show as um uh you know um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh uh well as software to record each episode for the longest longest longest longest longest longest longest longest longest longest longest time. I actually okay like you know I mean you know okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a a a a a a a a a a a distributed to different podcasting uh uh like uh uh so well so like well well well well well well well well well well well platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore uh I mean you know um um well I mean um you know like like like like like like like like like like like anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for free either you know so like so uh I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives us well um like so um like like you know I mean like the opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about okay like uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay um I mean um well uh starting your own podcast, you better be serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious about using anchor download the anchor app well like uh well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so like or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know know know know know know know know know know know that so I mean well um uh like uh okay so well the the the the the the the the the the the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh so okay I mean uh well way to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and and and they give you everything you need in one place so well well so so so so so so so so so so so well like um you know well um for free. That's right. They give it it it it it it it it it it it to you for free, but you can um so uh well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools to I mean uh like uh okay well you know like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping popping popping popping popping popping popping popping popping popping popping. They also they also they also they also they also they also they also they they they they they they they they they they they also they also they also they also like like well uh like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay um well will help you distribute the podcast if you want want want want want want want want want want want to grow the dead-ass family like you know so like you know so uh like well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and and and and and and and and and and and um like okay well so you know okay like okay you know many more. You You You You You You You You You You You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean so so um you know um um um um um um um um um um um no minimum listenership. So download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download so download so download so download the anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor that FM well like so um so well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to come want to start off the the the the the the the the the the the show by uh well okay so well well okay well um well giving a fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate so uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh I mean to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has has has has has has has has has has has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to like like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well well okay so um uh me. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean kind of of of of of of of of of of of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly well so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um like well well uh you know viable as a candidate it seems She got got got got got got got got got got got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know okay well uh uh like uh well you know like. I am Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins well like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so well so like well you know. I am here. This is our season season season season season season season season season season season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go um you know like well so well well well well well well well well well well well so so so uh back to the beginning and pick up some of our our our our our our our our our our our favorite bits. I thought uh okay uh uh uh okay well okay well uh this this this this this this this this this this this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there there there there there there there there there there there okay I mean I mean like um you know so so so uh was was was was was was was was was was was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development um um um um um um um um um um um so like like um okay like so okay you know goals in the the the the the the the the the the the roadmap to 2030. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are your co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host James and Kevin here to uh well so okay like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean take you along the sdg ride. I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh well so uh like like okay I mean for resources Islam takes 10 years and and and and and and and and and and and probably another 10 years to actually build I mean like okay okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like okay it. So we always have to plan 25 years in in in in in in in in in in in advance for a population 25 uh uh uh like um um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um years later and you know similar to what many things things things things things things things things things things things happen in the world. We so we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we so so um like so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh you know usually plan something for the present and and and and and and and and and and and then it doesn't end up working out like uh you know well okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know you know you know for object data is currently a PhD student at at at at at at at at at at at the University of British Columbia like you know I mean you know like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around around around around around around around around around around around you know okay so like well well you know okay uh so the the the the the the the the the the the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, notes, well so um um uh so I mean you know so like so three years years years years years years years years years years years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so okay well like like I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I had a dream to start a business and I had been um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um I mean I mean um um like well had that dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream for about 15 years and I think it was well like like okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know like you know um in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard and when I started listening to like like so uh okay like like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you, I left a really high profile job, and I I I I I I I I I I I did and I started I mean so like I mean I mean well um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it it it it it it it it it it it off the I mean okay okay like uh you know so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so like I mean well so you know well well life. And And And And And And And And And And And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I got so aligned and the business started and I I I I I I I I I I I got everything I mean so um so like you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so um I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a a a a a a a a a a a way more so uh well okay um uh uh I mean like okay than than than than than than than than than than than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like well so so well like ever asked for us in a a a a a a a a a a a way that I did ask for saying uh um like okay like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is really sad to be looking across the the the the the the the the the the the stage at somebody that you well so I mean you know so like I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have have have have have have have have have have have a uh um you know okay I mean well you know you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just just just just just just just just just just just here uh um okay um um well you know well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um uh okay I mean you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that that that that that that that that that that that question, you so um you know okay you know okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't think it was enough because like you know so uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh um you know uh we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make um um I mean okay okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be be be be be be be be be be be totally useless that it's I mean well okay okay so so well like um um um um um um um um um um um uh just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your okay like so okay I mean okay well okay like you know host Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today so today so today so today so so so so so so so so so so so today so today so today so today so today so today so today we we we we we we we we we we we have TNT Tina is available those like uh so uh well okay uh well um um um um um um um um um um um like challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know well uh uh like well you know work towards unlocking T T T T T T T T T T T and Tina. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We We We We We We We We We We well okay well you know so um so um so like have brought him him him him him him him him him him him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know you know like well I mean suit Tyler had have you you you you you you you you you you you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like so um um I mean like uh I mean you seen this type of soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I so so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean okay uh think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like like like like like like like like like like like a mix of Obama's beige suit and um I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay uh so well well a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit look, That you Tyler this guy is like um um so so so so so so so so so so so so so like um okay well dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? there there there there there there there there there there It's a lapel Rob you know I mean okay um uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so I mean. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare flare flare flare flare flare flare flare flare flare flare a little spice like uh I mean um uh like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you are and are you going to to to to to to to to to to to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep so uh like like um well well well well well well well well well well well uh um um like getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so so so so so so so so so so so what we're like uh okay like um well so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks well well well well well well well well well well well um uh uh um you know so you know like okay. We got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got we got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of of of of of of of of of of of like okay uh uh um uh um so I mean you know the Ike Box podcast. We We We We We We We We We We We have a great show for you guys today. My well my well my well my my my my my my my my my my my well my well my well my well my well my well my well well well well well well well well well well well my well okay okay so uh okay I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going going going going going going going going going going going to be um um I mean uh well well well like so like a solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a a a a a a a a a a a I mean well I mean okay I mean you know like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a a a a a a a a a a a okay uh like you know I mean uh well okay okay okay lot about about about about about about about about about about about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean well I mean um like be the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay well okay so uh well I mean Staples Center in Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box you know um like like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean like I mean okay so the Lakers played the Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well uh uh I mean well infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This This This This This This This This This This This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to to to to to to talk about anchor I mean you know um so like you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh okay um our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that is a like so uh um um okay so I mean uh uh good good good good good good good good good good good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can can can can can can can I mean I mean I mean uh uh okay so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and and and and and and and and and and and edit uh uh I mean like so okay um okay well um and make everything that that that that that that that that that that that you put down on your podcast sound as good you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know um well like as my voice or you can upload a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that you might have recorded on I mean well um so well well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like another application. Also ankle also ankle also ankle also ankle also ankle also also also also also also also also also also also ankle also ankle also ankle also ankle also ankle also ankle will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere well uh so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well so so um Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more more more more more more more more more more more. You can make easy money for your podcast uh well well well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh. I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking about real easy money with with with with with with with with with with with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download you know like so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so um the anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting I mean I mean so okay like um um um um um um um um um um um well you know um uh at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well I mean um so well so so uh be settled down with a a a a a a a a a a a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl so um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh uh uh okay was not most girls instead of sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting down to a warm meal with a you know um I mean okay well so like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh so husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and and and and and and and and and and and grueling 50-mile bicycle like I mean okay uh well uh okay so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as as as as as as as as as as as so like uh well you know okay um like like so she peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed well okay I mean I mean um like um well well like the brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well so okay I mean well view German soldiers coated the span like like like like like like like like like like like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge okay um so you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh like like was the fastest route across the river a straight shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your well well well well well well well well well well well okay well well okay well I mean well like okay morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh um well well um in little circles all the way around around around around around around around around around around around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're so uh so well well well well well well well well well well well um uh uh I mean like like talking about a courageous woman from a place place place place place place place place place place place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene okay well so so I mean uh um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're called uh um um uh okay like okay you know well so the palala palala palala palala palala palala palala palala palala palala palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well well uh okay um and tricking Nene was one of the palala people people people people people people people people people people people switcher rushing to the other side of uh um okay okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know um the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the the the the the the the the the the the way back. Nene was the daughter I mean uh uh so well you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um you know of a leader and love living on on on on on on on on on on on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on on on on on on on on on on on. Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well, it's well, it's well, it's the I mean you know um like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay I mean like I mean Partnerships that we've had and and coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up in May of our well uh like so I mean um well um so um um um um um um um um um um um Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so okay um like well um you know know know know know know know know know know know so so I mean mean this is I think the first time ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever right we able to combine everybody so okay like like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at at at at at at at at at at at hair Love retreat in I mean okay I mean so I mean okay so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is he going to you know uh well like uh like um um well okay be be be be be be be be be be be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats um um okay well well you know I mean I mean okay like. We really really really really really really really really really really really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is like like like like like like like like like like like like so um like uh like okay well you know going to tell us like all all all all all all all all all all all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule well uh like well uh so so so so so so so so so so so so like uh so is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're going um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well um uh I mean to give away a ticket to to to to to to to to to to to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want uh well like you know like well well well well well well well well well well well um so um like to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so well like you you you you you you you you you you you know so well well okay uh well so excited schedule is to be so generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little little little little little little idea how like well well okay okay you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f um like I mean okay like I mean okay well so um um um um um um um um um um um m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean like okay I mean I mean. There's creation tools to allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like uh well well I mean or a computer check out anchor dot f m m m m m m m m m m m or Download the free anchor app um I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so so uh you know to get started. This segment is brought to to to to to to to to to to to you by jig Master jigs when I mean like you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um um um in doubt get the jig out go to to to to to to to to to to to jig Masters.com and use promo code well well like you know well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off off off off off off off off off off off your next gig order today. Welcome to the okay uh uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know well you know well pedal and film podcast bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass fishing for new segment where we try so uh well you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um so to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay okay um um um like uh uh is right now and and and and and and and and and and and every time he needs to make a change she has to so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like okay um I mean I mean so um run across the the the the the the the the the the the room. Like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's a double dare challenge. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, don't listen um I mean you know like you know like um well so well that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well well so you know uh well I mean you know of of of of of of of of of of of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh so I mean you know you know okay you know okay write write write write write write write write write write write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside. Of it of it of it of it of it of it of it of it it it it it it it it it it it of it of it of it and you okay I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay you know like well have to pull out boogers to get get get get get get get get get get get it to start recording. Right? Right. My well you know like you know well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean like so you know audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza and I do need to dig around uh like okay I mean okay like like so so so so so so so so so so so so so in there and then I do get if I say, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, if I cuss like so like so well um okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I I I I I I I I I I I okay um like I mean um um well like so like hurts a lot. A lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people will talk about that. Those have a like well well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know so um lot of ballistic force and and and and and and and and and and and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your your your your your your your your your host like I mean so okay I mean like uh uh um so future future future future future future future future future future future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and okay you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um um uh um like um uh he's going to to to to to to to to to to to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well okay um well so I mean you know little silver. How you you you you you you you you you you you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh um um like so uh okay. Dad. I feel bad man after day work work work work work work work work work work work. It's good to just come back and um you know like well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so so you know well relax at home. All right, so What do you you you you you you you you you you you think the goal is for uh okay well okay I mean like well okay like like like like like like like like like like like well the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try try try try try try try try try try try okay I mean like okay uh like well you know well I mean to Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically it did did did did did did did did did did did start out as okay uh okay well like you know um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay like well I mean uh okay well just talking about us having having having having having having having having having having having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make sure you follow okay um like so okay well okay um you know like your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or um uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like well well like so you know if you become a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium user you can download the episode so you can listen okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh well you know so um you know to them offline like I do do do do do do do do do do do when you're on a plane or wherever you're um so you know uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like traveling and also you can share this with your friends on on on on on on on on on on on Instagram. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you okay okay like so so well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean um haven't done so already be sure to download the the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app and search um uh like okay you know I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so so like for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh okay so I mean okay uh like okay head of sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular you know okay like well well um well I mean like um Mom. I'm a cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have had you know know know know know know know know know know know so um um uh well I mean you know so like some shit on my my my my my my my my my my my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one well you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay like okay of which is the fact that I have literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally not had a job for the I mean like well uh okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like like like like like like like like like like like a uh like I mean I mean you know um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well like gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh well you know I mean um okay so um um um um um um um um um um um my bank account. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have not consistently been been been been been been been been been been been working and I think that's for a okay like uh um okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um like um um few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the you know know know know know know know know know know know well well so I mean so so well I mean um sounds of of of of of of of of of of of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay so like so like okay um okay it hand you stop and and and and and and and and and and and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your well I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so well well uh wake you let out a shaky breath almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost a laugh. It must have been uh you know so uh um um um um um um um um um um um um like um you know uh your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed morning after a heroic display well I mean okay you know um so so so so so so so so so so so so like uh well in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory that takes uh so you know uh so well okay well so so them back back back back back back back back back back back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that that that that that that that that that that that won the game. Let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll like so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean so like like you know I mean talk about about about about about about about about about about about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay like so I mean uh like well week and earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like I mean okay okay you know well I not posting the full full full full full full full full full full full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance so uh uh um so um um um um um um um um um um um um like well well and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking cherry-picking the workouts um I mean okay I mean uh like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail fail fail fail fail fail fail fail fail fail fail. Schedule things like that. And you and you and you and you and you and and and and and and and and and and and you and you and you and you and you and you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well uh well you know well um so there are days that that that that that that that that that that that you can make it and days. You just can't okay so you know like like like like like like like like like like like well okay well like uh uh make it. And that and that and that and that that that that that that that that that that that and that and that and that and that and that and that and that is is is is is is is is is is is how I want you to plan your week. I don't okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay I mean you know you know I mean want you to plan your your your your your your your your your your your week to try based off of a certain workout that um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh I mean you know like I mean okay you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like okay so um okay first podcast about the purpose of of of of of of of of of of of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base I mean so you know well like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean um uh um of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know so well uh like uh podcast. Let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to okay um you know um I mean you know you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well okay um um uh I mean um okay distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast so well well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know like like uh um and many many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well okay like um you know know know know know know know know know know know like um okay um well everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor um I mean you know okay like like well well well well well well well well well well well you know well like app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another edition I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so so so well so you know I mean um of 40 is podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your your your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh um well okay like uh okay well to another edition of 40th podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second second second second second second second second second second second century like you know like I mean okay like okay you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of like like like like like like like like like like like well um you know you know uh I mean so like well all all all all all all all all all all all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to to to to to to to to to to to hear more uh you know uh I mean okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so well uh Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March March March March March March March March March March March Mysteries, you'll hear so like so like uh you know so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh um I mean like I mean you know so gone conspiracy theories and and and and and and and and and and and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know like I mean um okay you know I mean to to to to to to to to to to to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Rory uh you know um well um um uh I mean okay so the idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing so um so so so so so so so so so so so uh well uh uh okay um I mean we can actually go through but but but but but but but but but but but we do have is people with jarring accents okay you know you know so um like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know you know um. They'll think they'll think they'll think they'll think they'll think think think think think think think think think think think they'll think they'll think they'll think they'll think they'll think they'll think hey, why why why why why why why why why why why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and so so um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay uh so like I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today today today today today today today today today today today we're going to be talking so like uh um I mean well I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like like about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been been been been been been been been been been been I mean like I mean uh um like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a a a a a a a a a a a really popular app so like so so so I mean you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know um and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given given given given given given given given given given given it's given it's given it's given it's given it's given it's given it's given given given given given given given given given given given it's given it's given it's given a lot okay um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay well I mean of teens opportunities to get some money and be be be be be be be be be be be famous. One of those teams you might well like okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um so um okay know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so a song that you uh like I mean well like so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if he was dancing uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well um well like you know on the camera on that one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually I actually I I I I I I I I I I I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome to the second second second second second second second second second second second episode of the government being cast a podcast okay I mean like okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um okay well so dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is the you know so okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well um uh I mean I mean um second ever podcast I've ever made. So I I I I I I I I I I I hope this isn't too horrible and you know like well like um uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear with the well you know I mean well like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so like bad editing in places. I've done my best to to to to to to to to to to to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were you know uh like you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um so um so I mean terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I I I I I I I I I I I cover so you know like um uh I mean so so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend like like I mean you know I mean um like well so so the the the the the the the the the the the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building building building building building building building building building building building blocks I mean well um so like uh well uh okay like of the game game game game game game game game game game game. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was intending to spend some time discussing how how how how how how how how how how how to use them as you know so so uh okay I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Ground you know you know okay uh um well okay like well so to cover I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from well um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like okay like so I mean okay gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than than than than than than than than than than than I initially planned and you'll probably so so I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay okay so so notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main main main main main main main main main main main section of the shug. This week this week this week this week this week this week week week week week week week week week week week this week this week this week this week this week so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like uh um so well okay work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today today today today today today okay uh well so you know I mean um uh okay um and get get get get get get get get get get get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know like okay I mean well you know development productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting so so so so so so so so so so so so um like like um so like well I mean to work and and and and and and and and and and and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go I go I go I go I go I go I go I go I I I I I I I I I I I go I go I go I mean well well uh um well like um um um um um um um um um um um um uh to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the the the the the the the the the the the one okay like you know you know uh um you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated by uh um well okay um I mean okay uh uh like Alex Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give so so so so so so so so so so so um um okay like uh uh well uh uh you a Year's worth of blog post ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas in just a single hour. However, before you know okay um I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know um um you go all in you need to know exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly how to formulate your plan, you know like well like so you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um you've heard the quote give a man a fish and and and and and and and and and and and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over like like like like like like like like like like like uh like um uh well um you know uh uh a Southern state flooding most most most most most most most most most most most of the many counties since the water was about like uh well um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent its time sitting on the okay um I mean um I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice a well well okay so um well you know okay I mean like nice Straw Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat as it went downstream. My he my he my he my he my he he he he he he he he he he he my he my he my he my he my he my he thought I'll bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet that like like uh uh I mean okay I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out out out out out out out out out out out of uh well um uh you know uh like like so you know sight. Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like um um uh so so you know suddenly much to his his his his his his his his his his his surprise. Here comes here comes here comes here comes here comes here comes here here here here here here here here here here here comes here comes here comes here comes here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the the the the the the the the the the the current I mean okay like so uh so you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know. This was this was this was this was this was this was this was this was was was was was was was was was was was this was this was this was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his his his his his his his his his his his eye on like so well I mean so I mean you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like well it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating floating floating floating floating floating floating floating floating floating floating back okay like so I mean okay uh like uh okay okay down again again again again again again again again again again again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house house house house house house house house house house house. Finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally the finally the finally the finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean so I mean well you know like so Romy. It's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and and and and and and and and and and and Romi you know um I mean uh I mean so like well uh well. We are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just just just just just just just just just just just stumble in on uh so like so I mean like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well okay okay um you know a sudden like hand in in in in in in in in in in in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know like like something if it's wow, it's like the the the the the the the the the the the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and okay like okay you know like well um well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know it's just the two of us. Discussing the most most most most most most most most most most most philosophical explosive ideas of the day I mean um like like uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like I mean there are watching us like dance around with a microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone and then we just fade you know I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh like into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how how how how how how how how how how how people see us okay I mean uh uh I mean so so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well in their dreams now. It's probably it's probably it's probably it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably how how how how how how how how how how how they see you. Don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know you know um so um okay um must have a a a a a a a a a a a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of like so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh okay I mean okay I mean this. Oh, it's just like like like like like like like like like like like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're uh okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well so you know well uh talking about those are some of my favorite scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes like, you know, the okay like well well well like like well okay so so so so so so so so so so so Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay like like uh uh I mean uh you know are recording our our our our our our our our our our our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift you know um well well well well well well well well well well well okay like well well uh um uh through more often than not the the the the the the the the the the the level of conversation is at such a high uh like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like okay I mean um okay okay intellectual point that we're not sure if it it it it it it it it it it it really can get into the podcast I mean so you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like okay well. We thought we might share one of them with you you you you you you you you you you you now, but remember if okay um you know so you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM. Send us so well uh like well like um well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks. I did I did I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did well you know like okay well like like like like like like like like like like like like well you know uh I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the the the the the the the the the the the Clear Water went uh you know so you know so well well like you you you you you you you you you you you know well down. I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did like did Miami and then then then then then then then then then then then sort of come back round again like uh like uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell so so so so so so so so so so so so so um okay I mean like um so um you about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's um okay like so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know um so well free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your I mean you know okay I mean like like um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean podcast right from your phone or computer. You can can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast okay like so like so so well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so so so so so so we can be well uh you know so um like um so so well heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make you know know know know know know know know know know know well like like so so you know so well uh a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney it's Whitney Walsh and I have a I mean I mean like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want want want want want want want want want want want to introduce yourself over I mean so like okay so okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so there? My name is Katherine. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to to to to to to to to to to to be Whitney's first guest. I'm I mean okay um uh you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like okay honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the the the the the the the the the the the name of our like okay um okay you know well you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know um company because I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh like okay um so so uh uh can keep it discreet like like like like like like like like like like like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it like um um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean you know uh uh. I recommended that that that that that that that that that that that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like okay uh I mean uh I mean I mean I mean going going going going going going going going going going going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know know know know know know know know know know know we well like okay like like like like you know okay you know danced at American American American American American American American American American American American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say like like like like like like like like like like like um you know you know okay you know you know um like um your your your your your your your your your your your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like well you know I mean I mean well uh I I I I I I I I I I I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the you know know know know know know know know know know know so like I mean okay you know I mean um you know I mean Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is so so um um um um um um um um um um um so well okay so okay you know you know Patrick ehlers and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got okay uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so I mean well um a good show for you. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be talking about the news from well well well well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um um well the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum games and Yacht so okay well like well like uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well you know so like uh uh like A to Z. But in the the the the the the the the the the the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might I I I I I I I I I I I might I might I might I might I might I might I might I might I might might might might might might might might might might might I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I mean okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know you know well also love horror movies and we we we we we we we we we we we really like to torture our friends High cuz he okay well uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay like so well hates horror movie that I do and that's why they they they they they they they they they they they call me the horror version. That's you that's you that's you that's you that's you that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's you that's you that's you that's you that's you that's you know well um you know know know know know know know know know know know like um um well you know like the only reason we call them that I I I I I I I I I I I have not no other reasons that all like um um uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay so um uh you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him him him him him him him him him him him through the Encyclopedia you know you know you know so okay well you know um um you you you you you you you you you you you know of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make make make make make make make make make make make fun of like so okay um like uh well like um well it more or or or or or or or or or or or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's so you know like well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay you know so well what I do. That's my thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm the funny one our episodes drop on on on on on on on on on on on okay like so like um you know like uh okay you know Monday. So check check check check check check check check check check check so check so check so check so check so check so check so check so so so so so so so so so so so check so check so check us out. Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let you know um so so okay so I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you you you you you you you you you you you creation tools that uh okay you know uh so I mean like uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer I mean uh you know like so well um well I mean well anchor will will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts so like I mean so uh so well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum well like well like you know well so um so well listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place place download the free you know like well okay uh um uh okay well so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome okay um so I mean okay um you know uh like okay to the flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm so so you know know know know know know know know know know know like like like okay okay um I mean a full-time reseller on eBay and and and and and and and and and and and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio um like so you know know know know know know know know know know know so so uh you know like like ELD uch. Oh and you can find me me me me me me me me me me me on Instagram and YouTube as El so um well so um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well uh dijo Thrift. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really really really really really really really really really really really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really really really really really really really really really really really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to according to and okay um well um um well I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um well in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break break break break break break break break break break break because fitting uh well uh you know so okay well um um um race race race race race race race race race race race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay um well I mean okay uh like okay have week one one one one one one one one one one one week of classes still and then spring break is the week I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay uh like um uh uh uh after that. So March, however, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just okay okay so so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay you know you know finished. Well, I finished all of my my my my my my my my my my my exams I have before spring break well okay I mean okay well like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know uh so next week. I just have a presentation for one of of of of of of of of of of of my classes see your okay uh um um um well I mean uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're really like I mean uh you know you know you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so so like home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so well well well well well well well well well well well uh well you know okay uh um so well I mean so nice because because because because because because because because because because because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I I mean uh I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay um you know uh will say it was like the most most most most most most most most most most most stressful thing in the world because like it's like well I mean um um okay well well well well well well well well well well well so uh so really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of of of of of of of of of of of you know well you know so um I mean like well uh um well today today today today today today today today today today today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean um well uh so well so um I still don't know know know know know know know know know know know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly uh uh um so well um like like you know okay about Spotify on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists well okay like uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well okay so and podcast and one place that's for free. You You You You You You You You You You You don't even need a premium um like I mean so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um um account and that is great because let's face it. We are are are are are are are are are are are all trying to like well like like okay I mean um you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean save a little bit these days. So with so with so with so so so so so so so so so so so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so so so so so so so so so so so with Spotify, you can follow your you know okay uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um like um like like well favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you you you you you you you you you you you can share whatever you're listening so um you know I mean like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean well to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download download download download download download download download download download download episodes to listen like okay you know okay you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like like like like like like like like like like like me, you probably have too okay I mean um like I mean so like so so so so so so so so so so so okay like many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So So So So So So So So So So So if you um so okay uh like okay well okay you know well haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify so so so so so so so so so so so well like well so I mean I mean uh um you know or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so well okay uh I mean okay you know okay us on there. So you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That like um um um um um um um um um um um um uh so um um I mean um you know being said, let's get into today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 like well uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh uh um of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um uh um I mean like well you know. Hey Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Dustin, hey Dustin, hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has how has has has has has has has has has has has how has how has how has how has how has how has how has how has has has has has has has has has has has how has your week been? It's Monday. So I you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh uh so you know mean so far. It's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been been it's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know well you know okay okay okay to since last week week week week week week week week week week week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well like you know uh uh you know that can't read that this this this this this this this this this this this is we're talking to these people. We're not uh you know uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay you know I mean so I don't think they want want want want want want want want want want want to read some of the stuff that we say well I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well so so um. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we we we we we we we we we we we did go to piece. That okay I mean okay so um you know like okay like um um um um um um um um um um um was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well you know so well like I mean okay uh was really cool. Music had had had had had had had had had had had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of of of of TV like well uh well like uh uh uh I mean um talk now now now now now now now now now now now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay I mean well uh you know well show and guys. We We We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are at the season finale of the such a a a a a a a a a a a good season Chad um like um okay like you know so okay you know so Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one one one one one one one one one one one like you know I mean so well I mean you know um like like like like like like like like like like like uh. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so you know you know okay well uh well you know do this this this this this this this this this this this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of of of of of of of of of of of my love. I uh okay I mean so I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like uh have Miss Janice. I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am and and and and and and and and and and and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um I mean like uh trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since since since since since since since since since since since I was in high school. So uh okay well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um uh like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and she brings well you know uh so I mean like um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like so you know uh well you know you know like well so like you want want want want want want want want want want want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean you know uh well you know so okay before we found out out out out out out out out out out out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and I'll uh um um um um um um um um um um um well um uh like well okay uh I mean tell you why first first first first first first first first first first first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute your uh so you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay um um uh uh well podcast all from your phone or or from your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. It will it will it will it will it will it will it will it it it it it it it it it it it will it will it will it will do all of the like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well I mean so I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean uh like like okay well well big names you can make money money money money money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything uh uh uh like okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so that you need for your podcast right in one place. So So So So So So So So So So So here's what you need uh like um okay okay um uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor you know like um I mean well like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go uh so um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh so I mean check it out and get started on your your your your your your your your your your your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the so so I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know um like you know inside scoop on Mental Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So So So So So So So So So So So so you know so uh like uh uh well I mean okay for for for for for for for for for for for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original original original original original original original original original original original old so so um I mean so you know I mean um like well well well well well well well well well well well school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was one well you know well okay uh you know well so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know of my mother's favorite. So I think it was was was was was was was was was was was one of the first ones she like well you know well like um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when when when when when when when when when when when I so okay um like you know um well uh um so was about nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly um like like like like like like like like like like like uh like okay like so I mean um so inappropriate. But I turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join like um like like like like like like like like like like like um you know so well I mean you know so me as I talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go like um like like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean uh uh well I mean beyond just Theory and discuss some of of of of of of of of of of of the most important real world macro questions of like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay well um well uh our time what happens next and how how how how how how how how how how how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this this this this this this this this this this this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My My My My My My My My My My My name is Kate kocher today. I'm um you know like so okay so like you you you you you you you you you you you know like well going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of of of of of of of of of of of my so okay like okay I mean uh uh well uh you know husband's grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know like like well uh um. We've not seen for a a a a a a a a a a a long time. We get to share stories about this woman like like okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay okay so you know that was in our life and so important to to to to to to to to to to to many of us and I wanted so uh I mean okay uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that that that that that that that that that that that today uh okay I mean like um so okay so um okay I know we're going going going going going going going going going going going to have a great time sharing stories about this uh so uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know uh like I mean woman that we're grieving and and and and and and and and and and and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and so you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean I mean uh like I mean okay uh the Ridiculousness of of of of of of of of of of of humans and human nature. And so today I want you okay you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh like you know well to kind of join me me me me me me me me me me me not just with the people that have passed away like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean so um okay okay in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um I mean I mean okay uh so so to to to to to to to to to to to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean like okay um uh you know you know what happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast telecast during you know so um um um so okay um well I mean the the the the the the the the the the the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on on on on on on on on on on on well well like well well I mean like okay uh well Spotify. On July 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know you know um um okay okay the news the voice of of of of of of of of of of of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not not not not not not not not not not like like okay okay so I mean you know well okay well not best friends forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm so so so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean well um Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how uh so like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know um so like like like we can believe it would Made Made Made Made Made Made Made Made Made Made Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie okay um um um um um um um um um um um so um okay like like well you know well feels like it's been like years years years years years years years years years years years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't it feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like it's been like well you know uh like I mean um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a while. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because because because because because because because because because because because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because I'm not used to spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending as much time with you half well so you know you know uh um so so so so so so so so so so so um okay okay an hour a week. That's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane well um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean you know I mean. That's honestly crossing the line. What What What What What What What What What What What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are are are are are are are are are are are well like like um uh uh like uh you know um you really leaving your hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes so um um like like like like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean so like on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? it it it it it it it it it it He's like got vomit on his sweater you know so um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh so already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right right right right right right right right right right right was listening that I've got puke you know well okay okay well like like like like like like like like like like like uh well um you know on my jumper already. Is that is that that that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is is is is that is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same um um um um um um um um um um um well you know okay like I mean well uh so so scanning that does does does does does does does does does does does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay well I mean um like water into the mic mic mic mic mic mic mic mic mic mic mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well you know um you know um Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show show show so like so okay like you know I mean so you know um start start start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like I mean uh I mean okay okay I mean little circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk like well like okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well uh um you know about a heroic woman from history today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame uh okay uh okay so so you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh like incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor so so um like I mean you know you know so uh okay family family family family family family family family family family family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she she she she she she she she she she she was um so well uh you know so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was was was was was was was was was was was uh um so um so you know so okay so so just a kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so like like I mean you know I mean um uh to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or or or or or or or or or or or so so like well um you know well well so um try to create create create create create create create create create create create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so okay I mean so okay um well on in the the the the the the the the the the the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast so well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so well like you know uh uh is to speak to and in in in in in in in in in in in Fire regular folks through personal stories that okay I mean well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay okay like I mean being real being vulnerable and being true to to to to to to to to to to to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the you know um uh so okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like okay opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our our our our our our our our our our our ability to continue to grow I mean I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh um well you know through our struggle and we want this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to serve as a reminder that in our uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay um um Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out out out out out out out out out out out when our backs so I mean you know like you know so like you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh so um uh um uh you know you know rights reasons the the the the the the the the the the the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh okay I mean you know um okay. So a so so so so so so so so so so so a so a so a so a so a so a so a so a a a a a a a a a a a so a so a big warm welcome to my guests on the show show show show show show show show show show show tonight and a Colgan um well you know like you know so so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know I mean and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your your your your your your your your your your your oh, yeah, and of course, we've uh you know I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean like got a lot of things to talk about We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not gonna get into it just um like so you know well well like like like like like like like like like like like uh like so straight away no first. Of all of all of all of of of of of of of of of of of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all all all all all all all all all all all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know I mean so to listeners at home. I know you very well, but but but but but but but but but but but obviously people at home though uh I mean you know uh you know you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean. So yeah. Okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from you know well like like like like like like like like like like like so like I mean I mean so you know um Hill bead studying physical geography from from from from from from from from from from from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's well uh so okay well um um um um um um um um um um um like uh uh like great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy I'm Lucy uh uh like you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh like so. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a a a a a a a a a a a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff podcast uh so so so um so so okay uh um back on your your your your your your your your your your your listening device. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we we we we we we we we we we we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate you being here here here here here here here here here here here. We're doing this really cool uh well I mean well you know um well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know uh thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They They They They They They They They They They They want to give away you know okay you know okay so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so um their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like well okay I mean well well so okay so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean you know um so like so supply of some CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well so okay so going to do some testimonials from us. This This This This This This This This This This This is what you got to do go um you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well um so okay well um to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and and and and and and and and and and and it's pinned to the top of uh I mean like like um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay I mean the page and just tell us why you want to try try try try try try try try try try try it out. Maybe you've well well like well so you know um well like well tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies products you know uh I mean you know okay so like well you know okay. You You You You You You You You You You You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier uh so so so so so so so so so so so um like um uh uh well um like maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that that that that that that that that that that that it helps with. No reason no reason no reason no reason no reason no reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason no reason no reason no reason no reason no reason is better you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um like um okay so um than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless god bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless god bless god bless god bless god bless god bless god bless god bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless god bless god bless you Derek. I love you know like okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know so so you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba soba soba soba soba soba soba soba soba soba soba is dull soap is dope is you know I mean okay well like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support support support support support support support support support support support people's right to um um okay like you know I mean so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like like like okay uh I mean like. This show is is is is is is is is is is is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like you know uh you know okay um you know encourage healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs um um um um um um um um um um um so you know I mean um so um like well so or diction of of of of of of of of of of of any kind. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am pop you Cannon. I am am am am am am am am am am am a recovering I mean you know so well okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so uh alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let so um I mean I mean okay uh so okay so well me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is creation tool that allows you to record and and and and and and and and and and and uh you know so you know well you know you know okay so well edit your your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay so uh so um you know you know. So So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean like uh so so uh I mean you can can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like um so like okay okay uh um need to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that like like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like um uh okay well like day like it was yesterday the night night night night night night night night night night night was young and I was fooling uh um okay you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that that that that that that that that that that that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean like so like well okay like of the series series series series series series series series series series series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost we almost we almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost we almost there today uh you know uh um um uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to talk a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that like uh um okay well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know know know know know know know know know know know didn't know didn't know didn't know when like okay you know uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well well you know I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Costco nothing special uh like I mean you know you know well you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay but why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in in in in in in in in in in in that school you know uh you know I mean well so you know um um um um um um um um um um um like um that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was was was was was was was was was was was mary's was mary's was mary's was mary's was mary's was mary's was mary's was was was was was was was was was was was mary's was mary's was mary's was a school like I mean uh so like like like like like like like like like like like well so I mean um you know. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and and and and and and and and and and and empowerment to I mean like you know like like so um well uh so thrive in in in in in in in in in in in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so I mean like I mean well well you grams 7 twinsies active active active active active active active active active active active students in the space of friendships a less okay you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well okay um well so common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to share all that uh so um okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay you know. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned and and and and and and and and and and and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know like like I mean well table. This is the girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to um you know um well well well well well well well well well well well um okay so like like uh give a little shout out to Miss Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry who's listening every week and like well like well you know like so so so so so so so so so so so so so so I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well uh I mean um so like so when I was little and and and and and and and and and and and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so well I mean uh so I mean wish that you never never never never never never never never never never never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know so so well you know I mean um uh for us. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like he's like he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like like like like like like like like like like like he's like he's like a spy. What was what was what was what was was was was was was was was was was was what was what was what was what was what was what was what was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow, but I'll okay you know um well like okay I mean um like uh be hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh I mean um okay like um like well make it anywhere get a love love love love love love love love love love love me everywhere. I used to cop it on uh uh uh um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and and and and and and and and and and and Sheriff here ready to like you know okay I mean uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I you I you you you you you you you you you you you I you I you I you I you I you I you I you you you you you you you you you you you I you I you know okay I mean okay uh uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay am freaking pumped. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I would would would would would would would would would would would almost consider this like kind of the one of the I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so like um um I mean okay um you know the first like not real real real real real real real real real real real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so you know like okay you know okay uh okay and other things things things things things things things things things things things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean like well like so um mean we'll talk about today and and and and and and and and and and and that this episode is all about the difference so uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay like um between a goal and then idea and I'll dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive real quick into what do we well okay um so you know um so so so so so so so so so so so so okay um mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold and idea like, you so well well um uh you know uh you know um well well well well well well well well well well well know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and and and and and and and and and and and I mean uh so uh well uh okay so like you know basically what what what what what what what what what what what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well okay so so you know well um we came up with what what what what what what what what what what what we what we have found to be true well um um I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the the the the the the the the the the the anchor app, uh like you know like well uh okay like okay okay let me me me me me me me me me me me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a so you you you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean well okay uh so like podcast. That's exactly what we do do do do do do do do do do do here at running wild podcast. We use we use we use we use use use use use use use use use use use we use we use we use we use we use we use we use anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor for I mean well uh um uh I mean uh well like you know know know know know know know know know know know many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like um uh so well okay you know don't have to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, I also, I also, I also, I I I I I I I I I I I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh I mean so uh like I mean well there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to to record and edit your podcast right I mean well I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like so um uh okay like from your phone your computer or even your iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for uh uh so uh um okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know you. So you don't have to worry about it. It It It It It It It It It It It can be heard on Spotify like so well uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so so okay so well Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can also make money from your podcast okay well so so well well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like um and everybody loves making more money. So go download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go you know okay so uh um uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the law of positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism podcast. I'm your host to read okay you know like uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um um so and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here here here here here here here here here here here to help you on your spiritual I mean well you know you know you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student student student student student student student student student student student of Chinese medicine uh um you know uh so okay well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I I I I I I I I I I I want to uh uh I mean so you know so um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um uh okay you know well okay well all all all all all all all all all all all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together like like like like like like like like like like like uh like well well well I mean you know um okay which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like um so well so uh I mean heart to heart acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay well so okay well so um um um um um um um um um um um uh well like I mean. It's the first shot. I say we roll with with with with with with with with with with with it and we just keep going. You're I you're I you're I you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're I mean uh uh so well well you know well well you know right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got I got I I I I I I I I I I I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I I I I I I I I I I I got I got it live to so so um you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like I mean like neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to this first episode. This may this may this may this may this may this this this this this this this this this this this may this may this may this may this may this may well um uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well uh um um okay be a train wreck. It may be like like like like like like like like like like like if it is we're just gonna go okay well like uh well well um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean with the flow. That's us that's us that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's us that's us that's us that's us that's us that's us that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's us that's us that's us and let the train hit us - - - - - - - - - - - oh uh so you know uh uh I mean like I mean so so man. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of like well like um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean you know okay well uh the train. Hitting our bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, I mean well like um okay so like so okay like welcome back. That's to to to to to to to to to to to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay okay um you know so well so the entire. I did did did did did did did did did did did not we can go again once I got my stirring um okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean I mean um spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by okay you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well so I mean I mean like its most by by by by by by by by by by by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well um okay I mean you know so I mean Harry's podcast. Apparently the the the the the the the the the the the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently the apparently the apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot um okay so okay well like okay you know so um of setup work work work work work work work work work work work that we have to do in order to make you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um okay well uh okay a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to to to to to to to to to to to you just exactly how we okay I mean you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know so you know do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and and and and and and and and and and and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the the the the the the the the well well I mean I mean like you know so I mean um so same team team team team team team team team team team team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end you know know know know know know know know know know know like um like so okay okay um you know um of the season who's locked locked locked locked locked locked locked locked locked locked locked themselves in for round one? What do we want well well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know well okay well so to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game game game game game game game game game game game two and a fantastic win against well so uh well uh uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we we we we we we we we we we we discuss this and more um well okay um like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Andy. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you you you you you you you you you you you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know uh uh uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how how how how how how how how how how how you doing? I mean uh so I mean so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this this this this this this this this this this this a few days later than we you know uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay um okay um I mean would have liked. I actually had a a a a a a a a a a a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this well like well you know know know know know know know know know know know um like um you know you know um is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today today today today today today today today today today today with David so well you know okay uh well like so like like Starr co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um um I mean um so so right. So how so how how how how how how how how how how how so how so how so how so how so how so how so how so so so so so so so so so so so how so how you find in six from the moment because we haven't um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know like I mean um um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you you you you you you you you you you you know, obviously well uh I mean so um uh okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right so so so so so so so so so so so well uh like so you know uh okay uh okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing I mean so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um okay so that I've you know kind of felt happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy about is like, you know people, you know okay like uh okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so uh accepting me for who I am because yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know in case you're listening uh I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well well um uh to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got you got you you you you you you you you you you you got you got you got you got you got you got you got you you you you you you you you you you you got you got the seven to real estate investor here. Just uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um um you know so um want to give a shout out to to to to to to to to to to to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what um okay well you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so um I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to to to to to to to to to to to use, you know, what you know well like well okay like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the the the the the the the the the the the biggest thing so you know you know uh um um uh like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download so download download download download download download download download download download download so download so download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download download download download so download so download the free anchor so uh um okay well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get get get get started. Take care. In this in this in this in this in this in in in in in in in in in in in this in this in this in this in this in this uh like okay um um um um um um um um um um um like like like you know I mean uh episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am well well well well well well well well well well well so like like um you know uh um you know you know Sapphire cindello now now now now now now now now now now now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well um you know um like to the first season of my new new new new new new new new new new new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural uh well um I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know I mean experiences that shape our world. If after if after if after after after after after after after after after after after if after if after if after if after if after if after if after after after after after after after after after after after if after the show you feel compelled to share a story like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh well um like uh you know or need paranormal advice send send send send send send send send send send send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an an an an an an an an an an an uh I mean like okay you know you know uh uh okay uh independently run run run run run run run run run run run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're I we're I we're I we're I we're I we're I we're I we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're I we're I we're I we're I mean I mean you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well I mean I mean going with day one. The Tuesday first race of of of of of of of of of of of the day of the well so like you know I mean um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at at at at at at at at at at at five I mean like I mean so like like I mean like you know well to to to to to to to to to to to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like you know I mean well I mean you know we've got my my my my my my my my my my my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race race race race race race race race race race race well uh uh so well uh um like uh um with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to to to to to to to to to to to be riding him on the day. Two main two main two main two main main main main main main main main main main main two main two main two main two main two main two main two main main main main main main main main main main main Market while I you know okay um you know so so um okay well like like like like like like like like like like like was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there there there there there there there there there there there because they've I mean uh okay okay I mean uh um I mean okay uh got got got got got got got got got got got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin I mean uh okay I mean well so I mean okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so very impressive as two wins. And again and again and again and again and and and and and and and and and and and again and again and again and again and again and again and again asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking for loans and being free starts this well like uh I mean well uh well well well well well well well well well well well like so uh year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one one one one one one one one one one one in a you know I mean well well well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over over over over over over over over over over over hurdle um um uh okay okay um well I mean um okay so far this this this this this this this this this this this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum you you you you you you you you you you you know um um well okay well okay um well like bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We We We We We We We We We uh you know so well okay like well well I mean okay got a fun episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for you. Today. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna be talking about the the the the the the the the the the the Desi strong game okay so well okay okay so well so you know know know know know know know know know know know um of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has has has has has has has has has has has ended up um like well like like um uh like well um getting the the the the the the the the the the the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna um um um um um um um um um um um like um okay I mean uh uh I mean uh um win the D3 Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean well like okay uh you know you know. So stay tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going so okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know like so well you know so uh to end off talking about beach volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball. We're both really excited about the season so like okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know well I mean okay coming up and we just just just just just just just just just just just wanted to talk about that a little bit so you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay um you know okay. Bit, so bit, so bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so so so so so so so so so so so bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it it it it it it it it it it it Saint okay uh okay so you know um you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know you know so like like you know uh polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now so like like like like like like like like like like like okay like um you know you know well like um today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first first first first first first first first first first first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah first yeah first yeah first conference game. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be be be be be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing so okay um well well um you know I mean well okay show start start start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so so uh uh like the inside outside and chewing side side side side side side side side side side side each tube. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week and every day this well so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay um uh well um well I mean week. We've talked we've talked we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've talked we've talked we've talked we've talked we've talked we've talked we've talked we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've talked we've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking we're talking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking we're talking about wangari okay um um okay like like I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so well. Maathai the maathai the maathai the maathai the maathai the maathai the maathai the maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai maathai the maathai the maathai the maathai the woman who started the green belt movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement one Garden was born in you know like um you know you know well like like like like like like like like like like like okay well um a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl Kenya was full of like uh so um uh uh um like so well well well well well well well well well well well strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that that that that that that that that that that that would change you know like you know well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well well so uh. Switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or brushing to the other side side side side side side side side side side side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um like like uh um well so going to be doing regularly once once once once once once once once once once once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus well so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay um well and to review and sort of restore some some some some some some some some some some some of the sanity to the conversation about this this illness uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like well um I mean um like um um in sort of the electronic discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse discourse that goes About it to try to just seal I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know like you know so fact from fiction. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a lot of Buzz right now in the media media media media media media media media media media media. I believe that I mean I mean so okay like uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week in in in in in in in in in in in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back well like well um okay um well like you know um to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know so you know like um bunch of topics including our our our our our our our our our our our first topic which is Spam calls and we well uh you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like you know got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from from from from from from from from from from from different parts of the country uh uh well you know okay so you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh. If you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because because because because because because because because because because because one of our good friends um so you know um well um okay so so so so so so so so so so so well uh in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake snake snake snake snake snake snake snake snake snake snake calls, and we've been uh so uh I mean like like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously you know so well okay like okay okay so like so is just messing with with with with with with with with with with with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they they they they they they they they they they they yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they yeah, they definitely when I I I I I I I I I I I like you know like I mean so um uh well you know okay got my first spam collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew well so so so so so so so so so so so like well well well uh well um uh with us today. We got got got got got got got got got got got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty so like uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so well of stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an an an an an an an an an an an interview with Donovan you know okay okay well um okay like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of do so so like so um uh uh um um so it on the the the the the the the the the the the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean well so uh okay uh you know okay I mean okay. Hey guys, this this this this this this this this this this this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're um so so so so so so so so so so so you know like okay okay okay like I mean like at track me where where where where where where where where where where where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay well well so uh uh here. Yeah, first we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot and a I mean I mean well so okay okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it it it it it it it it it it it was a so um so like well uh well uh so uh little odd knocking alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had you know know know know know know know know know know know like so um you know like so well uh you know just about about about about about about about about about about about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh I mean you know well uh hazard looking back at it but us us us us us us us us us us us being students not our number one problem uh I mean okay so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like and really it was just bingo. So anybody so anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so so so so so so so so so so so anybody so anybody could win and there were Current objects you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know uh um like um of pleasure. I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I I I I I I I I I I I guess I guess I guess I guess you could say I'm not too sure what what what what what what what what what what what is safe for the so well you know uh like so well so so so so so so so so so so so so okay radio. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to to to to to to to to to to to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe okay um so like so like well well well well well well well well well well well so well um sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on on on on on on on on on on on the watch of uh well I mean so you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded funded money on these well uh okay uh um like uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is sports criminals March Madness special special special special special special special special special special special every day in March. We are counting like so so um like so like like like like like like like like like like like you know well so down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years years years years years years years years years years years. Today. We're going back uh like like you know okay you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was tyson was was was was was was was was was was was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was was was was was was was was was was was tyson was tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like okay so like with the sexual assault of Miss Black America America America America America America America America America America America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking well I mean uh well well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like well like sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March March March March March March March March March March March Madness special so uh well I mean I mean well well okay you know okay. Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym um um um um um um um um um um um uh like I mean I mean um so well um like on September 10th 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his like uh I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um um you know fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was was was was was was was was was was was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are talking uh like well like like like like like like like like like like like so um well so you know um about the principle of quarter extremity that that that that that that that that that that that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter okay I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean so okay um uh extremity movement violations, we're going to to to to to to to to to to to dive specifically today into the importance of it so well um so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um I mean okay and where to look in a handful of of of of of of of of of of of different movements. So Fern first question uh well you know so so like well so um um um um um um um um um um um so I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay well you know you know okay okay uh of quarter extremity the book definition definition definition definition definition definition definition definition definition definition definition of it at the level 1 course, um I mean you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so um okay however physically introduced to it probably day one is is is is is is is is is is is an athlete like as a little you know um um um um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like kid. They just don't teach it that way but when when when when when when when when when when when you teach any type of so okay you know okay well so you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know um throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is is is is is is is is is is is probably I mean like well I mean I mean uh so I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica it's Jessica it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica it's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast well you know uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay um uh you know like today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct I'll direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct direct I'll direct I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so okay well like well I mean. He's an he's an he's an an an an an an an an an an an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an an an an an an an an an an an he's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya um um um um um um um um um um um okay well like so I mean okay um like well Academy Awards and Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Padma Shri. I found I found I found I found I found I found I found I I I I I I I I I I I found I found I found I found the story in an old book of mine and well well well well well well well well well well well you know so so uh I mean well okay um well there is something something something something something something something something something something something about the way he write his story. These the these the these the these these these these these these these these these these these the these the these the these the these the these the these the these these these these these these these these these these these the way you know well you know um well so so well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know he brings characters to life. I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am personally a big fan of his writings and okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well okay I mean um like well today you gonna sit back relax unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind yourself and listen to the story while I mean I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um so well you know where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need need need need need need need need need need need to uh you know I mean well so so uh okay okay okay get to to to to to to to to to to to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that so well well um well you know um so um well you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you well so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean well okay so uh um um through today, whatever situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation you land in whatever it is you have got this you know um like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know um um I mean uh uh so 2% back yourself and and and and and and and and and and and know that today is your day. This is your everyday um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know well like like um like positivity. My name is Kate Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow okay uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so um I mean uh I mean with another episode of of of of of of of of of of of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You got you got you got got got got got got got got got got got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got got you got well um uh I mean you know like okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app app app app app app app app app app app. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for for joining so like like okay like so you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose I mean like um uh okay you know uh like I mean like to listen today today today today today today today today today today today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well um well okay okay to get through this introduction without losing my voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice. So today's episode is so so I mean I mean you know you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a a a a a a a a a a a fellow Irishman the you know so um okay um okay okay well well okay very first first first first first first first first first first first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social so um um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean so so um okay like media for a long while now. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd actually heard of this guest back on another um uh so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well well podcast God over a year ago. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now whilst I was training for the London marathon like well like like um um um um um um um um um um um um so um so uh and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is is is is is is is is is is is crazy like what he has uh um you know so uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um achieved. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was just bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have have have have have have have have have have have like okay uh well well so you know so uh I mean got in the studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street so well um okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh well like so so Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally here. Finally where we mentioned so um you know I mean um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know I mean. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think think think think think think think think think think think yes, and we we so I mean so well I mean uh um uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I I I I I I I I I I I haven't okay like uh uh like well uh you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I I am too but I'm uh you know uh uh so so like so so so so so so so so so so so so like trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like I mean so so so well well uh uh uh episode set up because because because because because because because because because because because my microphone I feel like it's only really good uh I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh so okay you know for one person and that I feel like like like like like like like like like like like our audio is always a little off and well um so like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean so okay um you guys have probably noticed that that that that that that that that that that that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going um uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh so okay okay you know to have to get two separate microphones. But But But But But But But But But But But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it you know so like I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so uh with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in in in in in in in in in in in. This is a you know well uh you know okay well so well well well well well well well well well well well you know so mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed to me so okay well um um you know I mean okay like uh and and and and and and and and and and and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not not not not not not not not not not not like like like you know I mean uh I mean uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to to to to to to to to to to to the okay you know I mean I mean well you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage. Yeah, it's cold okay um I mean I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean okay okay as fuck in here. My balls balls balls balls balls balls balls balls balls balls balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are well like so well um um um um um um um um um um um uh like like I mean so small. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean is that because because because because because because because because because because because it's cold or is that just because your balls are okay well so so so so so so so so so so so you know well well I mean okay well like small because that's because because because because because because because because because because because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean okay um so you know like. My ball is is is is is is is is is is is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank so thank so thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so so so so so so so so so so so thank so well um like um you know like uh like uh you you you you you you you you you you you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my my my my my my my my my my my hat. I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your your your your your your your your your your your children you know okay okay I mean you know well like um you you you you you you you you you you you know um and your partner. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are going to give you tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity well uh like um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so okay so uh within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a a a a a a a a a a a social media marketer writer and Mom to well so uh like you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know like like um three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am am am am am am am am am am am terilyn Griffin an uh so uh you know I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 & 3 we uh um okay you know I mean like okay uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh like I mean uh okay okay you know are awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome listeners. Let's find let's find let's find let's find let's find let's find let's find find find find find find find find find find find let's find let's find let's find let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have a so I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um so okay well well okay high five and that is that I have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest so I mean I mean well so you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a a a a a a a a a a a team of you know like I mean uh well you know like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like I mean uh like okay I mean like at Ogilvy and and and and and and and and and and and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York like so well you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um so uh um and then joining Conde Nast. I hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear he's also a fine artist electronic music uh you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know well I mean uh Aficionado and an all-around good guy and and and and and and and and and and and he'll be our co-host from time to time okay so like you know um um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh I mean throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our our our our our our our our our our our conversation. We talked about how they so you know I mean uh so um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay became interested in advertising when he was young young young young young young young young young young young. And suddenly this is guy who you know I mean you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh so so so came into the scene and we all know who he he he he he he he he he he he is, which is um you know so well uh well well uh so well Michael Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're you you you you you you you you you you you know like um so um I mean um uh like um not a horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse girl. Like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I can't think of anything. Who does does does does does does does does does does does that? I'm um I mean you know so well okay uh like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of well like you know um um you know I mean so um you know know know know know know know know know know know officially unofficial. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and and and and and and and and and and and my name is Bianca um okay uh you know well uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well I mean and this week. We are talking about the laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws of attraction. Are they are they are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they hot well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay like uh you know okay I mean or are you just just just just just just just just just just just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh like like so uh okay like was yours? I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um um you know okay uh um like I mean. So I was was was was was was was was was was was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh well like you know um uh um about but I will will will will will will will will will will will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting and um like you know well well okay so uh okay um FaceTime. We all all all all all all all all all all all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of you know so so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh so um okay so live videos, of course for for for for for for for for for for for My Spa y'all. We'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see see see see see see see see see see see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see them some of of of of of of of of of of of you listen you know you know like you know uh well like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move move move move move move move move move move move okay well well so okay well well uh uh I mean on or whatever. That's fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh like I mean like so I feel like if you're over the age age age age age age age age age age age of 25 and that and you know okay okay well you know well um um um um um um um um um um um uh so so that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's pushing it. I'm not um okay I mean you know okay well um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts receipts that decide where we try like um uh um you know you know well like like like like like like like like like like like um uh to help with your you love with your day lemmas and and and and and and and and and and and try to make you know uh so well like well so well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well well like well you know so I mean and shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so so well okay like well uh um live on YouTube. We We We We We We We We We We We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm so so you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know like I mean like um so Dave Hanson joined with Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon well so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay um uh okay and look who just popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's you know well like well well well well well well well well well well well okay so you know um you know like it going? Good, glad you you you you you you you you you you you could join us. We're all doing this this special like like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay um uh I mean broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to uh you know well I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know well like uh I mean talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that that that that that that that that that that that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in you know uh like uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um um so okay well not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in in in in in in in in in in in the series a um I mean well you know okay I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company company company company company company company company company company company of this brokerage that is kind um you know I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well you know well uh like uh of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied copied copied copied copied copied copied copied copied copied copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I mean okay I mean like you know so well okay so so Sunday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay like uh you know I mean well um we just want to be be be be be be be be be be be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know so um um uh um you know today is doing and we we we we we we we we we we we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, okay um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so um so um I mean you know that's why it's that's why I said music music music music music music music music music music music starting off. No. No, it's uh okay okay well I mean okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There There There There There There There There There There There is no uh you know like well um I mean so okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why why why why why why why why why why why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why why why why why why why why why why why yeah, why don't I talk in uh um uh well well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna instead of carrying you into your okay you know um I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um okay I mean weekend. We're going to start going to start your your your your your your your your your your your week off right? Hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this this this this this this this this this this this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this is um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay well okay like okay well well I mean a whole different different different different different different different different different different different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like so so um uh I mean okay like. If If If If If If If If If If If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay so okay so um so okay I mean on his medium medium medium medium medium medium medium medium medium medium medium page and it's another great one about around the concept well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh um I mean like so okay um of Bitcoin as a living organism. So So So So So So So So So So So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's go ahead and jump into the read uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean well well um well so and then we'll talk a a a a a a a a a a a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin so uh um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well so so uh um is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here well well well well well well well well well well well like you know okay uh like um so uh uh to talk about about about about about about about about about about about American football. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I go into the NFL after the demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo for like well like like um uh um so well like Madden 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh I mean uh well Brees on the cover. Okay, because it it it it it it it it it it it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the like uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know so you know you know 2009 game between between between between between between between between between between between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you well well you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh like like well like like could play. So yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so so so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo so well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well you know well well like so. That was your first experience. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a I mean um uh like like um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know you know broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a a a a a a a a a a a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because so you know um I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know I have a horse and I went and and and and and and and and and and and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang um well um well okay well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut the uh uh like so so I mean um so okay so fat unanimously cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay you know uh okay um I mean um the u.s. Outlook due to to to to to to to to to to to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the virus like so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so so I mean so um and the measures that that that that that that that that that that that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on economic activity I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so you know like well you know so so both in the the the the the the the the the the the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc um so so so so so so so so so so so like you know like like so I mean I mean um meeting but clearly illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates. What we what we what we what we what we what we what we we we we we we we we we we we what we what we what we what we said about the FED being cornered in in in in in in in in in in in to so um okay um well well so like you know like a a a a a a a a a a a 50 basis point cut by market. The question the question the question the question question question question question question question question question question question the question the question the question the question the question the question the the the the the the the the the the the question that remains is where okay so I mean like you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um well um I mean will the FED go from here? If you reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference reference the G7 meeting like so you know so so like you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So like so so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like I mean okay okay um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm um um you know uh okay well I mean like like well 16 today today today today today today today today today today today. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is another Psalm of David David David David David David David David David David David. Preserve Me O God for in the uh like well so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know like do I put my trust I have said said said said said said said said said said said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord so like like um uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh like okay. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have no good be on thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee as for the saints uh I mean like well so so uh um like like like like like like like like like like like well that are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is is is is is is is is is is is all my you know so um you know you know like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God God God God God God God God God God God their drink offerings like well you know well I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips lips. The uh uh so you know uh uh you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat the Lines well I mean okay well like you know uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know okay well uh you know you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael I'm Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber so well um um um um um um um um um um um so uh like well I mean uh okay who still a little bit annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not I mean well okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh well uh annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but but but but but but but but but but but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? well um I mean um like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so you know okay We're actually joined by a very special guest today today today today today today today today today today today. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got got got we've got we've got we've got we've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay like like I mean I mean okay map his drow ski joining us us us us us us us us us us us all the way from Sweden. What is up dude? How okay I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like you know like you know um um um are you? I'm great. Thanks for having having having having having having having having having having having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always so okay like so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh so I mean it's always really good when you can get a a a a a a a a a a a somebody to talk MLS from Europe so like uh like uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like like. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find find find find find find find find find find find somebody uh so so like uh you know I mean so you know so to to to to to to to to to to to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how hey, how hey, how how how how how how how how how how how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how many hours okay you know like you know I mean I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um a day? Is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it dark there there there there there there there there there there there right now? Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so so so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where where where where where where where where where a like so well I mean like like so I mean like okay person person person person person person person person person person person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event event event event event event event event event event event or you know well so like you know uh um uh okay so series of of of of of of of of of of of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of well okay I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay well okay well so the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there there there there there there there there there there there was a study they did with you know like uh well okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know well so like two mice. They had one mouse in a a a a a a a a a a a cage where they gave it like so okay well so like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse when they um you know um you know you know so well okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit where well um like okay uh um I mean uh um uh it could could could could could could could could could could could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I just want to give a you know well you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean um quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who who who who who who who who who who who tuned in and listening well okay I mean um so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so you know to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What What What What What What What What What What What made me want to start um you know uh well like uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know so like a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one one one one one one one one one one one off the ground well well you know well um so I mean well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like so I mean like uh so well I mean how do I I I I I I I I I I I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um well like I mean so okay you know the apps all all all all all all all all all all all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know um um um okay um well my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple like you know I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean you know like um anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing I mean like so like I mean uh so well well well well well well well well well well well like you know your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all all all all all all all all all all all free I mean okay um um like okay like so I mean so. It's 100% it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's 100% it's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app app app app app app app app app app app well like like I mean uh okay so I mean so uh I'm using it is is is is is is is is is is is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and so okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like like well you know there's creation tools straight in the app that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to edit your podcast from your like um so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean so you know phone or computer and it will also distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast to Spotify apple and like I mean um you know so um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh many more without having to do anything which is great great great great great great great great great great great and you can make money okay okay uh uh okay I mean okay well um okay from from from from from from from from from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind so so so so so so so so so so so um you know well well I mean well you know you know I mean you got got got got got got got got got got got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do um well well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean uh like okay okay um all one place and and and and and and and and and and and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um uh um you know um okay anchored on FM online online online online online online online online online online online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, so like um um um um um um um um um um um so so like so uh you know well this is I'll bleed blue forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever. Listen to my man. Everything in everything in everything in everything in everything in in in in in in in in in in in everything in everything in everything in everything in everything in everything in YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's podcast Your you know okay well um like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing man okay uh I mean uh so I mean uh so you know so so so so so so so so so so so. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so I mean well um well uh um idea how we we we we we we we we we we we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor um like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay okay uh like dot f m-- recording platform super easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy distributes our podcast too many many different so uh um I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh okay well platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit podcast right from your so I mean uh well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m m m m m m m m m m m or Download the free uh uh like you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to to to to to to to to to to to you by jig you know um okay well you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 save um so uh you know uh um you know okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is is is is is is is is is is is um like you know well um like um um you know okay the final final final final final final final final final final final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean I mean okay you know um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I'm going to be I mean so I mean uh you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so so talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around around around around around around around around around around around to hear more about this juicy stuff so I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh well so like. Do you want to live live live live live live live live live live live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean well okay um I mean vitality and have great great great great great great great great great great great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the okay okay uh well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh um so sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use use use use use use use use use use use Sexual Energy to so I mean you know uh um uh um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our our our our our our our our our our our world okay um so like so I mean well like like uh that the the the the the the the the the the the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest um okay well okay like um um well like like sexual experience man can have have have have have have have have have have have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and so well like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know you know you know I mean um tired afterwards. You You You You You You You You You You You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, we have The Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype Stereotype of the man who finishes having so well I mean so uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay like sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana so cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana so cabana so cabana so cabana so cabana so cabana so cabana so cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana so cabana so cabana so okay I mean uh like uh like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean well like you know so so like who inspires me and lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is hope is hope is hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope is hope is hope is hope is hope is hope is hope is hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope is that by you know you know um well well so so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention um okay like well um well I mean so you know so it all all all all all all all all all all all begins with you. With me with me with me with me with me with with with with with with with with with with with me with me with me with me with me with me in the studio today today today today today today today today today today today and by Studio, like um um so so I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so okay of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I I I I I I I I I I I uh you know so um okay I mean you know um so okay always always always always always always always always always always always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like like like like like like like like like like like Madonna uh uh uh well I mean like uh so okay okay. Okay old old old old old old old old old old old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know well well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um like uh okay okay so Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay well you know like you know it's like mine. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um uh okay so you know okay you know Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean well uh uh um I mean uh sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just but just but just just just just just just just just just just just but just but just but just but just but just but just but just but but but but but but but but but but but just it's weird being I mean like I mean I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean uh I mean sick and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed. I'm headed the right way uh I mean you know you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh well you know so. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed the the the the the the the the the the the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh you know I mean I mean you know I mean on. On On On On On On On On On On On the on the on the on the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the the the the the on the on the on the mend we did a couple patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or um well so okay like I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you you you you you you you you you you you know, you I mean well um well like okay so well okay well stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I so like like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so well like uh uh know they appreciate so for for for for for for for for for for for this episode or actually before I get started uh you know so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like okay okay with the episode make sure you're following following following following following following following following following following following us on our Instagram at Marvel like I mean uh like um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know I mean like Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things things things things things things things things things things things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some I mean well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well so um so of you are doing very very well. Good job, but but but but but but but but but but but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this this this this this this this this this this this okay okay okay uh I mean uh okay well I mean uh stuff? You haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it uh I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well I mean okay like all about Oh Sees easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast really so well, I mean uh so you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean well I mean like like are we just dumping the the the the the the the the the the the audio on the Internet or is there a ways like so like so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know you know um to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors got creation tools allow you to like you know so okay you know so like like like like like like like like like like like well so I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or your computer. Wow. That um uh okay okay um um um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it it it it it it it it it it it um okay so so well like uh you know okay you know go anywhere else after after after after after after after after after after after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor um you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know well so like like like well will distribute it out so I I I I I I I I I I I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like well like you know you know um more places. You don't have to to to to to to to to to to to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is um okay okay okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean like okay there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you can make money so I mean I mean you know well um like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay well starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make make make make make make make make make make make money right away okay you know so um you know I mean so uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is is is is is is is is is is is I mean okay so okay okay I mean uh uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly that's exactly that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let I mean um I mean okay um like well like I mean um me explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a proof. There are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit okay uh you know you know uh so like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay okay I mean so um uh I mean okay for you you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh you know like so like you know like can make money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need I mean uh I mean uh I mean uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three like so uh okay okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the the the the the the the the the the the first experience. The two I mean um so like okay you know so um um um um um um um um um um um uh like parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him him him him him him him him him him him that she I mean um uh you know okay well you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding date approached the girl ran away so so so okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um well uh with her boyfriend in the third experience the two two two two two two two two two two two parties got married, but okay like so okay well um well uh so like like like like like like like like like like like within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her her her her her her her her her her her okay so so like I mean well uh well so so ex-boyfriend and probably had had had had had had had had had had had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay like so well like well I mean experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining I mean well so so uh I mean so uh well okay to each and and and and and and and and and and and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine uh okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so uh I mean so to determine your fate. And the and and and and and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the and the and the and the the the the the the the the the the the and the and the reason why I feel that this is such uh like like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay uh I mean you know like uh an important topic is because people people people people people people people people people people people have no idea nowadays how to actually control um so okay so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well um uh you know their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so so so so so so so so so so so that way they're so um um like I mean you know like so um um um um um um um um um um um um in control of what they would like and as a man this is important important important important important important important important important important important to your success well you know so well I mean well like um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is ridiculously important to your your your your your your your your your your your happiness. And not only that if you want okay I mean you know um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so like um you know to become a man of value so that way other other other other other other other other other other other men or other people in I mean so I mean well okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like like okay well general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So So So So So So So So So So So here's so well you know okay um okay so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if if if if if if if if if if if you're a person you know I mean you know so so I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, you're not going to okay uh I mean well so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a a a a a a a a a a a little bit to I mean okay like well okay so like uh like um explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to um so um um um um um um um um um um um you know um like so okay um uh ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring I mean um uh like I mean you know so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know this week. Only us only us only us only us only us only us only only only only only only only only only only only us only us only us only us only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the uh like uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like um uh I mean cutout fee. How are you doing today? today today today today today today today today today today My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um okay um so to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we so well you know like like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean uh okay well had our first High-profile guest I guess you could could could could could could could could could could could say all due uh you know like so um you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so like you know respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you you you you you you you you you you you know quite a spill krob not uh like um like um um well um um um um um um um um um um um um well quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay I mean um so you know I mean we had our our our our our our our our our our our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like like so um well you know you know on the podcast last week, and and and and and and and and and and and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want want want want want want want want want want want uh um so okay okay like um I mean uh um to hop on on on on on on on on on on on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know so so well okay so you know you know myself and Michael and the the the the the the the the the the the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, uh so uh you know you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know like well like so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is is is is is is is is is is is ready is ready is ready is ready is ready is ready is ready is is is is is is is is is is is ready is ready is ready is ever you ready? okay so so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well like um I mean okay All right, so so it's nine to nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were there were there were there were there were there were there were there were were were were were were were were were were were there were there were there were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will will will will will will will will will will will tell you there are uh like um I mean um um well uh like like like like like like like like like like like so hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably die of old well uh okay I mean well uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 a man was convicted okay um um well uh I mean well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was was he was he was arrested this man so you know like um well so so so so so so so so so so so well you know uh you know wanted the death penalty. He did not not not not not not not not not not not not want to grow old in prison and so uh so um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay 34 years later. He got his wish so if you you you you you you you you you you you like your coffee hot, like well okay uh well you know um um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup okay like okay so I mean like well okay well well of murder. Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund Edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most most most most most most most most most most most of um like well okay like you know you know uh uh like his his his his his his his his his his his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher conferences here at uh you know you know so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well I mean Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would would would would would would would would would would would go around and do uh like okay uh okay I mean um um like like like like like like like like like like like okay something special a little bit different going to go around and ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask random teachers you know well I mean I mean like so um well you know like like like like like like like like like like like if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to pull I mean uh so you know you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know um a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM impromptu, they're um like I mean okay like um well so uh so going going going going going going going going going going going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay like okay you know you know like uh well sure in the meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have I mean so so uh you know okay okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so so another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh like well uh I mean so uh on between two two two two two two two two two two two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going like well um um um um um um um um um um um so um uh so like well well to share with you is unbelievable. So you you you you you you you you you you you want to make sure you tune in uh well so well you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean um this weekend. Make sure make sure make sure make make make make make make make make make make make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we we we we we we we we we we we consider a bit of well uh so uh okay like okay um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a a a a a a a a a a a professor I mean you know uh like I mean uh well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide you through uh I mean like uh I mean like uh um like um this reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh like you know so um okay film was 342 the mere fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that people endure the same pain more easily when um uh okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um you know I mean they voluntarily undergo it for the sake sake sake sake sake sake sake sake sake sake sake of their country then when they suffer um I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like well so I mean okay like it for some lesser cause shows that that that that that that that that that that that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay okay like um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so um me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and okay uh you know I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh um um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and and and and and and and and and covid distribute your podcast for um well so uh okay um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you so like um well um um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is is is is is is is is everything you need to make um um you know uh I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like like podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or or or or or or or or or good Echo so so like I mean okay so you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness and crashing into I mean um you know well so um so like you you you you you you you you you you you know well the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all all all all all all all all all all all night I mean um uh um so so um I mean like like long. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with like like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh you know uh uh I mean like I mean the tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we we we we we we we we we we okay like so well I mean okay like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know I mean you know like like well uh classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like I mean so you know uh Friday funny is is is is is is is is is is is is not for little ears if you've got kids with well um so like like like like like like like like like like like you know like so you know okay I mean you save this listening goodness for later. Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher like you know uh like uh okay so okay well um and professional comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know like okay um um like well like follow him on Instagram at at at at at at at at at at at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this so okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know so so I mean is Friday fun. He's with mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is like so okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so well well you know I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D D D D D D D D D D D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um you know so I mean I mean well okay jam cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean you know like I mean um like so I mean happening? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we we we we we we we we we we we in the like I mean uh you know well so okay uh you know like ether ether ether ether ether ether ether ether ether ether ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well I mean you know so so uh while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very okay okay okay um like you know know know know know know know know know know know well like well you know very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think think think think think think think think think think think anything up in the community. We need to I mean um you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um um um you know I mean actually move on and get better. And And And And And And And And And And And how do we do that? We well we well we well we well we well we we we we we we we we we we we well we well we well we well we well we well well okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well so well so okay do that by finding the meaning of what happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened. I really I really I really I really I really I really I really really really really really really really really really really really I really I really I really I really believe that you so so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh uh so okay I mean so can only win win win win win win win win win win win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that so uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like like you know so okay means you can learn something from the pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations so so well like well so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in in in in in in in plain well um well I mean like I mean so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous Michigan well uh uh you know uh I mean so I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check like so so so so so so so so so so so so um so well um you know I mean um out our haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so you know I mean um I mean um you know urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the like um um um um um um um um um um um like um I mean okay well I mean like um graphic nature of this urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well I mean okay okay um animal cruelty genocide and and and and and and and and and and and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 okay okay so um like well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean so you know. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf uh I mean uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um like like uh I mean or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this this this this this this this this this this this um I mean well well well I mean so you know so so is understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean like I mean well in the markets. We reached we reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached we reached we reached we reached we reached we reached we reached we reached we we we we we we we we we we we reached we reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International you know know know know know know know know know know know well so uh I mean I mean uh like okay um equities as well as as as as as as as as as as as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay uh well um so well I mean uh so uh thought it would be be be be be be be be be be be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income like uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so like well uh bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over over over over over over over over over over over the last week and a half like um like okay you know uh um well well well well well well well well well well well okay well thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed and what we're looking you know like um I mean um like um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you you you you you you you you you you you enjoy this. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you very well okay well like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay okay so much and enjoy Film the last last last last last last last last last last last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know okay so you know you know 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be you you you you you you you you you you you know like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh about irony and Dot feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So well um well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know uh like uh um like welcome. Sorry we sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so uh um okay so he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not not not not not not not not not not not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off so okay I mean um you know well well well well well well well well well well well like like um um my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was was was was was was was was was was was only I mean I mean like so uh uh um well I mean um to the the the the the the the the the the the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know um uh um okay well so well well okay fuck your login login login login login login login login login login login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so like okay uh okay you know uh just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay well okay uh you know well okay well say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean well you know like um uh uh down the top top top top top top top top top top top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back well so so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh I mean uh um I mean uh to 1995 when players on on on on on on on on on on on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to you know like so so so so so so so so so so so like okay okay um uh well um pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal that would rock college basketball for more okay you know um well um um um um um um um um um um um like you know I mean like uh shocking sports events from history history history history history history history history history history history tune in right here every day to our March you know um okay so okay well well well well well well well well well well well well like um you know Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you you you you you you you you you you you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 I mean okay well well so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean well as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the the the the the the the the the the the Chrysler Center went wild uh uh uh like like uh I mean well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of none of of of of of of of of of of of none of none of none of none of none of none of none of of of of of of of of of of of none of none of the Northwestern well like I mean uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud of podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host um uh like so like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh uh like well. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with with with with with with with with with with with a doctorate degree in Clinical I mean well like so well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um I mean Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online online online online online online online online online online online group therapy platform model that uh I mean well so like okay uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean care. I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love helping people people people people people people people people people people people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, uh well like okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know okay okay I mean please join us each each each each each each each each each each each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay well well um well well so techniques for effectively dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss uh I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like like well you know I mean um you know what effective therapy looks like sounds like like like like like like like like like like like and feels like will follow our guests as okay so you know uh um well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay I mean they overcome their biggest fears and find that that that that that that that that that that that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still so um like you know um um you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay live a rich full and meaningful life with a a a a a a a a a a a reputed approach a strength base and well okay so like um uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay like seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them them them them them them them them them them them generalize those you know you know like well um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be be be be be be be be be be be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on on on on on on on on on on on you know well like like like well you know you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, you like so um so I mean like well um um okay know where where where where where where where where where where where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know um well um I mean like Bonaparte did not necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even so um like like like like like like like like like like like well uh okay okay I mean so you know talking to my my my my my my my my my my my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh you know um you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out out out out out out out out out out out okay uh well um okay like well uh so um cause for me yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you know you know like uh well okay well okay well uh why do do do do do do do do do do do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay um so uh okay like like you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like so like well you know okay is the app that that that that that that that that that that that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh you know I mean um uh you know I mean first got got got got got got got got got got got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so uh okay um I mean um like so like well an app app app app app app app app app app app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know okay uh okay okay creation tool that that that that that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well uh uh I mean uh I mean like or computer. Anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so you know well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well I mean like you know it can be heard on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch I mean okay um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so so work literally got distribute it to Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uh you know I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like okay you know so uploading my first episode you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast on anchor with no well you know so you know so uh so so so so so so so so so so so well well um minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and and and wine place um you know so well I mean like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have have have have have have have have have have have an amazing like I mean I mean you know you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to so like well well I mean you know like um you you you you you you you you you you you know like get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you you you you you you you you you you you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was um so um so so so so so so so so so so so um so I mean um like you know scrolling through Facebook the other day and and and and and and and and and and and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the best song so so uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so okay I mean so on the planet. Can you beat it? And And And And And And And And And And And all and all and all and all and all and all and all and all all all all all all all all all all all and all and all and all it did for me was remind like like like like like like like like like like like like um uh uh um um well so okay me of the greatest TV Wonder song for for for for for for for for for for for me of all time, which is called you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean like so Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, I I I I I I I I I I I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I I I I I I I I I I I mean, I mean, first of all when you come up uh I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know like you know well I mean with a song lyric like that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you've got to go. Um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, I've nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed nailed life so I mean okay so uh so okay you know so so love love love love love love love love love love love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh like like like so song and I love sitting and and and and and and and and and and and listening to it the message on it. Is that is that is that is is is is is is is is is is is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know I mean well so well um well you know Love's in Need of of of of of of of of of of of Love today? We need to give the love back um uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um I mean uh like uh to ourselves to for loved it it it it it it it it it it it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um so so well to consider that you can apply this this this this this this this this this this this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you um well well well well well well well well well well well uh like well you know um so so uh are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the the the paper Outpost the well well well you know I mean um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making making making making making making making making making making making like uh uh I mean um I mean um okay um like books and and and and and and and and and and and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because so so so so so so so so so so so um um I mean like you know I mean okay so like we don't teach this this this this this this this this this this this in school to people but this is really one I mean um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like okay like um of those life skills that everybody ought to to to to to to to to to to to Learn and everybody would be better off you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so uh well well like if they made a book at least once in in in in in in in in in in in their life, right Holly. My like um um like uh like like um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those those those those those those those those those those those books. We uh I mean um you know you know so well so okay you know need need need need need need need need need need need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like so so like I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh like well um um well disappearing everything from paper. You know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let okay uh I mean so well you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not not not not not not not not not not not sure if um um um you know um you know you know okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no no no no no no no no no no no money to put so I mean uh you know like I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um like okay into it. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so so so so so so so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're just doing it it it it it it it it it it it and if it works out great, you okay like so like well you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so um well keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of of of of of of of of of of of your well I mean um well so um well okay you know like pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. There's creation well um well well you know you know like like so well tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like so like so so like I mean you know super easy. GE GE GE GE GE GE GE GE GE GE GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on uh so so so so so so so so so so so like you know you know so I mean uh well uh Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast like um like like like like like like like like like like like okay like so okay I mean um so with no minimum listenership. I have have have have have have have have have have have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's so like you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um I mean so okay so uh really everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free um okay okay I mean okay so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well like anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And And And And And And And And And And And this is juvenilia podcaster so you know I mean like uh um okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was was was was was was was was was was was important when um you know you know I mean you know well you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh um you know like well okay uh journal body. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to well I mean well so um like okay um I mean um the the the the the the the the the the the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay um like you know um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I like um um um um um um um um um um um well um like I mean like um I mean okay am in real life. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about about about about about about about about about about about um well uh so I mean um okay uh I mean I mean yet because it it it it it it it it it it it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean like um um like uh you know yes, I'm going to to to to to to to to to to to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about about about about about about about about about about about talking to so um like um like uh uh so well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well okay like well well so Theology and health because I believe that that that that that that that that that that that wealth is not just about how much so um uh you know like um okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay so money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your your your your your your your personal you know um I mean well uh you know well uh like you know life life life life life life life life life life life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good okay uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh okay you know I mean stuff. I get get get get get get get get get get get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping so so um um um um um um um um um um um so well I mean well you know you know I mean. Some VIP. So this this this this this this this this this this this is our time for us to be together and for um uh like um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know like well okay like me to answer your questions. So here we go go go go go go go go go go go dear Lynn. I have so you know okay so uh I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um so well been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage. He's actually well like I mean uh um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh more vocal about it than I am but it's a little little little little little little little little little little little frustrating when I see others okay like I mean like uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like um getting married and starting their families. I promise I promise I I I I I I I I I I I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I I I I I I I I I I I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But um um so so um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean like I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the the the the the the the the the the the sports the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot and today today today today today today today today today today today on this sports card um um like well you know so well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now now now now now now now now now now now. My name is you know okay like um um um well I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I I I I I I I I I I I invest um you know okay well so um well uh well I mean in in in in in in in in in in in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we we we we we we we we we we we all well like you know like okay okay you know um uh so love love love love love love love love love love love. Hello boards hello boards hello boards hello boards hello boards hello boards hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello boards hello boards hello boards hello boards hello boards guard investors and welcome to another another another another another another another another another another another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I so so I mean um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so you know so have some cards to tell you about today? The The The The The The The The The The The sports card Market is on fire I mean I mean so uh well like like like like like like like like like like like well well I mean uh and there are some cards that are doing absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely amazing things. I can't okay okay I mean you know well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My My My My My My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name is um you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay you know Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and and and and and and and and and and and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on well well so uh um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean like um so the episode today to talk all things Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando city. And of course all things uh uh um so so uh uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you how you you you you you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you how you how you how how how how how how how how how how how you how you doing uh so I mean I mean I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game game game game game game game game game game game today rough game yesterday. I I mean um okay well well uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean should say rough game yesterday. It was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my my my my my my well well uh so uh okay I mean like you know like podcast, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been searching for so long. What kind what kind what kind what kind what kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind of host how how how how how how how how how how how to do it in well like well um like okay okay well uh well general when when when when when when when when when when when I was trying to browse. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was so complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated so much so that like so okay uh you know you know so um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, you know, it's so seamless you know like you know I mean well well you you you you you you you you you you you know like well you know so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started podcasting few days ago and you well um you know okay okay uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean must try this. If you are looking at doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a podcast yourself, why you know uh so um okay well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so so don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say say say say say say say say say say say wow amazing so well okay well uh you know like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like. Try it try it try it try it try it try it try it it it it it it it it it it it try it try it try it try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well like um um like uh um release for me, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all about the music and I forget well uh like like um okay you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about about about about about about about about about about about it being well um like you know um so um like okay like a a a a a a a a a a a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the like like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean like uh um okay so I mean whole time. Like when I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like well well okay okay uh well I mean laundry when I'm training gym, I I I I I I I I I I I just try and listen to the music as many like uh so um so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh um I mean so times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the the the the the the the the the the the lesson was broken all the uh well uh I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean uh work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments will pop up or okay I mean I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so well lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will will will will will will will will will will will come up and you don't know so um okay so so so okay like like like like like like like like like like like well uh what that's going to be or when it will be but it it it it it it it it it it it just happens after I mean uh you know so you know um well well well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean you listen to it for a while and then when you you you you you you you you you you you actually then go right uh well so uh like um um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh um well well I mean I mean and you you you you you you you you you you you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that um so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay so I mean so so I mean well your son or little hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based you know like you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like like okay so okay well regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our our our our our our our our our our our soil our environment our you know uh um um um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first first first first first first first first first first first episode of Grey's you know uh um you know uh well you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean in hell. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought we should start start start start start start start start start start start by digging into the farm crisis well like um I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well you know of the 1980s how the American food system became more more more more more more more more more more more concentrated. That's transparent and um okay uh well uh okay well um okay so what what what what what what what what what what what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that that that that that that that that that that that uh so um I mean uh I mean well you know okay so topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay you know like uh well like like been a farmer a a a a a a a a a a a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri um so like like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay you know um House of Representatives and the the the the the the the the the the the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant well like okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um uh I mean governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a a a a a a a a a little bit well uh like you know well like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I I I I I I I I I I I absolutely love it so um uh okay so you know I mean okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and and okay you know um you know you know so so uh I mean so edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast you know know know know know know know know know know know like so uh I mean so well okay um uh for you. So you can can can can can can can can can can can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other uh you know well like you know know know know know know know know know know know like um so uh okay platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You You You You You You You You You You You don't need to you know you know okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay well okay have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that that that that that that that that that that that you need to make so I mean like uh you know well um so well well well well well well well well well well well okay a podcast in one place. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I find find find find find find find find find find find it really useful and accessible and really I mean so well uh uh okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m-- like okay like I mean um you know um uh okay like to get get get get get get get get get get get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest way to uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um like um well you know so well get your feet wet and jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump into creating your own podcast. I love you know so so okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean I mean well it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be like like you know well I mean I mean well you know well like inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and and and and and and and and and and and welcome to okay um um um you know I mean uh well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes. You have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have like so you know so so so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay so a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration some education without you know okay you know um so like like so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that that that that that that that that that that that will well I mean um um I mean like uh well like you know help help help help help help help help help help help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if you'd uh well well well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean um you know uh well like to know that and if if if if if if if if if if if you want to orient and just to the plan then you well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know I mean like I mean I mean well can do so so so so so so so so so so so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember but remember but remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember but remember but remember but remember but remember but remember but remember but remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember but remember that you know so uh um you know uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like so I mean like I mean so like like so okay. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to I mean um okay so like uh uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um I mean like you know well um um um your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so okay you know uh okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship okay like you know um um uh like you know well I mean is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know you know um um like ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn so so um okay like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean um um Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so excited about talking to you about money, um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh you know I mean so you know okay but not just just just just just just just just just just just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like um well I mean um I mean well that wealth is is is is is is is is is is is not just about how much money you have in your bank like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean you know I mean uh well I mean account. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and and and and and and and and and and and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My My My My My My My My My My My name um so okay so you know like I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and and and and and and and and and and and we hear talk about so um like okay well well I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like you know something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very very very very very very very very very very very I'm very informed well so um okay um you know so um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen tell okay uh okay like um um um um uh um me something. Have you you you you you you you you you you you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you you you you you you you you you you you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, like um like uh like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I I I I I I I I I I I when we grew up uh well so okay you know you know um okay like like like like like like like like like like like um so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let let let let let let let let let let let I mean you know okay I mean uh like I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um I mean uh okay well so so nostalgic moment. Yes, I I I I I I I I I I I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know okay I mean well like like just don't realize it it it it it it it it it it it. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Ninja I mean uh well I mean like so so I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real like like like like like like like like like like like so so okay um like I mean uh um okay stories from modern-day disciples. My name name name name name name name name name name name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at well well well you you you you you you you you you you you know like well like like um um st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California California California California California California California California California California California in my name is Ana Fuentes you know uh um I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know you know so. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy um so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well you know uh lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you you you you you you you you you you you guys we have a super special so well um so like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um um so episode for you today. It's very special. We we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah so uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh you know you know you know. I'm due to some some some some some some some some some some some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts so um so um um um um um um um um um um um like you know like I mean like okay were in our Lenten season season season season season season season season season season season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the um so like like like like like like like like like like like like well you know you know you know uh okay MDD podcast this week week week week week week week week week week week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest so uh um uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh uh this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to do some so okay like okay so I mean you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and and and and and and and and and and and like um you know I mean so you know okay uh okay um it switch it it it it it it it it it it it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay so I mean uh like like I mean I mean and we we we we we we we we we we we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we we we we we we we we we we we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and ground well I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know um um um well well uh them in modern science. My name is Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke. We um we um we um we um we we we we we we we we we we we um we um we um we um we um we um we um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um well you know you know are committed to simplifying the spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual side of successful with easy to understand scientific like I mean um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh um um research. So you can walk away with practical tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools to create radical transformations in so you know um well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and and and and and and and and and and and also having a so so okay I mean so like um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who who who who who who who who who who who you know so like okay I mean like you know okay um so is a a a a a a a a a a a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to um well um um um um um um um um um um um so like you know okay like I mean okay be my girlfriend. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, well like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay you know like um well but yeah, so we wanted to to to to to to to to to to to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean so uh okay you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also also also also also also also also also also also do like like um well you know I mean I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live live live live live live live live live live live. How's so like um okay so okay so I mean well like everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so so well um um I mean uh doing bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your uh um so like like like like like like like like like like like uh well well so you know like dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is okay I mean um well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know um well well the what would you have have have have have have have have have have have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um well well uh like um well so I'm still sick and trust me me me me me me me me me me me. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been sleeping out onions, and I've like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well like like Invest lean on my feet with socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks and I've been things working and nothing's so okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know um well I mean working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last last last last last last last last last last last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my my my my my my my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my God so so so so so so so so so so so so like so uh uh like like okay well having a baby. I'm Gonna I'm Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians for well uh um like you know well uh okay like you know estheticians. And And And And And And And And And And And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like well okay well uh like. We're diving into our wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in like so you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay so I mean I mean I mean separating the gimmicks from the real real real real real real real real real real real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi uh hi uh hi uh hi uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh hi uh hi uh hi uh hi uh hi uh hi uh hi uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay uh you know I mean I mean uh everybody, welcome back back back back back back back back back back back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I like like like like like like like like like like like uh um uh okay I mean you know like like like am here with Lauren today today today today today today today today today today today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would love uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well okay I mean you know like well to answer for you guys so so so so so so so so so so so we can ensure we're answering the questions uh like uh well uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table so so so so so so so so so so so um uh um like I mean so I mean well you know Chronicles. So today we we we we we we we we we we we are going to be having a very special guest on which so okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so okay so so well is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to to to to to to to to to to to say the oldest but not the first like well like um uh well well well well well well well well well well well so you know you know so my daughter Carly will be on later later later later later later later later later later later on talking to us today because we have well okay okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean you know okay stumbled. On this article that that that that that that that that that that that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay well so um okay like America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have have have have have have have have have have have so um um uh um okay okay um so like for you. Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay like uh uh well um okay um This episode were were were were were were were were were were were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the um you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay like okay uh okay okay um video as well as the falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling music video which came out today as we're recording this you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um like you know okay like like so uh so as usual, you know, how we are are are are are are are are are are are. We're just gonna talk about nylon uh okay uh um I mean well well like like like like like like like like like like like um okay Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a a a a a a a a a a a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in in in in in in in in in in in a music so well like well you know like well like okay like Society. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh like um um like I think are doing really really really really really really really really really really really cool things right now and ask them questions about all um like so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know um um the really cool things. They're doing with with with with with with with with with with with a slight. Equal angle. So we're okay well um so well you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us us us us us us us us us us us to create and listen uh okay okay like you know uh okay like uh well to to to to to to to to to to to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know uh like so like well. I am so so so so so so so so so so so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call so uh so so so so so so so so so so so so so like like you know okay uh one of my favorite musicians. He's someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like well you know made with only the freshest milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's like you know I mean you know okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you you you you you you you you you you you get that big ol should well you know like uh like uh um well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. Philadelphia has been doing okay well uh okay you know you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name name name name name name name name name name name is I mean you know I mean you know well okay well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger has the uh I mean well um you know well uh um uh so floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um you know okay you know okay so well. The three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle well I mean you know okay so so I mean okay okay well of the the the the the the the the the the the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of um so like like like like like like like like like like like um well um uh like uh I mean our holidays on to Monday the the the the the the the the the the the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what what what what what what what what what I I mean I mean well like I mean so you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know well have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about about about about about about about about about about about starting your very own um I mean so well well well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM best best best best best best best best best best best part um so so uh well uh um well well like of this app app app app app app app app app app app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool that allows like uh um um um um um um um um um um um so uh like you know uh okay you know you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will so so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh you know so I mean um also distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple I mean you know I mean well so uh uh so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum uh okay um um uh well you know so you know well listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. You need you need you need you need you need you need you need you you you you you you you you you you you need you need you need you need in a podcast in one place. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you like so um you know like well uh I mean um well guys check check check check check check check check check check check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, get ready, get get get get get get get get get get get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get get get get get get get get get get get ready, get ready, you know okay well you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely teeth bringing you uh like so so uh um I mean I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / / / / / / / / / / / lovely. Teeth 2002 okay I mean uh uh well like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus uh so you know okay I mean you know so I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so like um well uh uh I mean at BR Marvel news news news news news news news news news news news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with so well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean like so okay so uh the green and gold that is is is is is is is is is is is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was like I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like I mean you know a rumor that was circulating not long ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, but was never actually confirmed now you know I mean well like well uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us us us us us us us us us us us to wonder whether okay I mean uh well well um okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and and and and and and and and and and and okay okay you know I mean so well I mean okay uh I mean Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, in fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, in fact, in fact, he's changed you know so um okay well okay well well well well well well well well well well well so okay um his form quite a few times after being brought back to them them them them them them them them them them them dead. And so um um you know I mean you know so okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what what what what what what what what what what what uh well okay um I mean um like I mean like so else else else else else else else else else else else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? like like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like okay like okay you know I mean um like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well Let us know what you'd like to see in the comments and be be be be be be be be be be be sure to you know okay so so um you know uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of of of of of of of of of of of Marvel for more okay uh well uh so okay I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on on on on on on on on on on on well okay so okay uh so you know okay um um the popcorn talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night so so so so so so so so so so so you know um like so like um like well you know toothbrushing show start brushing on on on on on on on on on on on the top of your mouth and make little circles uh well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know well well okay with your brush around each to the ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring. It's heroines week where every day we uh okay um like like okay I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like like talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior I mean you know okay well uh uh so um I mean you know Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was santa was santa was santa was santa was santa was santa was was was was was was was was was was was santa was santa was santa was santa was part of the royal family that ruled over over over over over over over over over over over the Ashanti like like um I mean I mean like so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had like like like like like like like like like like like um uh well you know okay so um so um many riches but there was was was was was was was was was was was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going it's going so like you know I mean okay I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Ralph. It's up it's up it's up it's up it's up it's up it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's up it's up it's up it's up it's up you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so so okay you know so. Its Eli and Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're okay well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like I mean okay you know trying to get it started the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast came about with just an idea one night you know uh uh so like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay okay okay like and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot and now here you know like okay uh like well well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally do I mean um well I mean well um you know well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of of of of of of of of of of of our well well you know uh uh I mean well like like uh group you're our our our our our our our our our our our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout so so um um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay um so uh like out to all the Facebook people already 190 190 190 190 190 190 190 190 190 190 190. I'm already over night. Yes well uh you know so um well um well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's Matthew McConaughey and um I mean um okay um um well like um well well well well well well well well well well well then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March on March on March on March on March on March on March on on on on on on on on on on on March on March on March on March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen was the first victim discovered in so okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know uh you know I mean a series of slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a you know uh like well well well well well well well well well well well so well I mean I mean you know okay cautionary tale for anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone traveling alone. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you're about to hear um I mean I mean well okay like uh so um um um um um um um um um um um um and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out out out out out out out out out out out check out check out check out check out check out check out check check check check check check check check check check check out check out check out check out our uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so I mean you know I mean um Series today and True Crime. You You You You You You You You You You You can find new episodes every day follow today in so so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like like I mean True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th I mean um uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay so 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior junior junior junior junior junior junior junior junior junior junior college student in Santa I mean uh you know uh uh um well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are back back back back back back back back back back back with back baby well I mean I mean well I mean uh like so well so so so so so so so so so so so after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going going going going going going going going going going going to be a I mean okay okay so like like um so well okay Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one one one one one one one one one one one back after okay you know so um um okay so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh like I mean uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI UNI and uh um well okay so well you know you know so okay we just just just just just just just just just just just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be completely honest with with with with with with with with with with with you. We promote I mean like well so um um uh um like well realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well so like um like like I mean uh that like, so now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back thing is though a lot of people have I mean um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well well like so like like been saying to us like when when when when when when when when when when when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a a a a a a a a a a a um I mean um uh you know you know uh um um uh what-what? Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh like well I mean okay which is what we all wanted by by by by by by by by by by by the end of it. I think my jock like like well like so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important important important important important important important important important important important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is is is is is is is is is is is uh uh well so well you know okay well you know um going going going going going going going going going going going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay you know like I mean like okay I mean uh than 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes um uh so um uh okay um so you know I mean and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know well um you know like so well you really Sonu. I I I I I I I I I I I know and I know there's some I love okay so off the uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh like uh um like I mean top as usual Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean um so um okay the news news, I got some some some some some some some some some some some things on the top. I want to talk about because okay well well okay like like like like like like like like like like like so so okay uh I mean we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope so um so so so so so so so so so so so so you know like you know well you know uh podcast a daily devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means uh okay so well well well well well well well well well well well well so you know so okay like to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter 4 verses 16 through um okay like so so like well um I mean like 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our like um I mean like uh you know I mean um um like inner self self self self self self self self self self self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know um well like um I mean so okay for us an eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not so uh okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like I mean well to the things that are seeing but to to to to to to to to to to to the things that are unseen for I mean um well well um okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor well well well well well well well well well well well like okay so like so I mean you know well you know if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well you know know know know know know know know know know know so well um uh okay I mean uh so first off. It's free it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, in fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in in in in in in in in in in in fact, in fact, in fact, it can make you money so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh so you know. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right I mean like like okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um I mean from your phone or your computer. In fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft okay you know uh well like you know so well well well well well well well well well well well uh like have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it like um you know I mean like I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else else else else else else else else else else else where you would download like you know okay okay uh well so well well well well well well well well well well well well okay a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to to to to to to to to to to to I mean like like so I mean you know I mean like uh like Make money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record you know know know know know know know know know know know um well well I mean like well okay okay um the ones that you you you you you you you you you you you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean so okay like uh to make a podcast all all all all all all all all all all all in one place. So if you've always wanted to you know okay so well so so so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean so start a podcast, but never known where where where where where where where where where where where to start now, you do download the free I mean uh so you know um um um um um um um um um um um like uh well I mean okay anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to to to to to to to to to to to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for for for for for for for for for for for giving um uh I mean uh like I mean like like um so us us us us us us us us us us us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well like well so uh is free. Okay, first and and and and and and and and and and and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow uh um like okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like you know well you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone and computer okay so um so um like so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be be be be be be be be be be be heard on I mean uh I mean so um like like like uh um Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool um you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh you know like you know I mean um uh tool and we're extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so you know uh I mean I mean make our podcast and you you you you you you you you you you you know, it's also an easy way for you to make um uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay uh like okay money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and and and and and and it's everything that you need well well like like like I mean well okay like like like like like like like like like like like so to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in in in in in in in in in in in so well you know you know I mean well uh okay like uh doing something something something something something something something something something something something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to so well so uh so so okay um well well Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things things things things things things things things things things things LA Galaxy okay so um you know well so well like you know so so so so so so so so so so so. I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So So So So So So So So So So So yeah, so what up? What uh okay you know okay you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean well well I mean you know like okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on on on on on on on on on top and Blake okay well like I mean so so um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the the the the the the the the the the the podcast that okay um so okay okay you know you know uh um well we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like you know I mean well you know um uh smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well well like like okay I mean you know a while and I made made made made made made made made made made made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so well okay um well so well so and we thought that the ideas and and and and and and and and and and and the conversation we were having may help okay um okay uh uh like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know a few older. So this is all very much part in in in in in in in in in in in those thoughts into action. And if well okay you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so so um I mean we can help at least one other person person person person person person person person person person person as a byproduct of our conversations recording so you know um um um like like like like like like like like like like like so okay uh um and Publishing it then we think this is is is is is is is is is is is a very valuable form to do. So, so so, so so, so so, so so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know uh I mean I mean uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can can can can can can can can can can can get to I mean well okay uh um okay well like okay well know know know know know know know know know know know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um uh uh so um well well the line move very much much much much much much much much much much much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh well well well well well may help others. So just by by by by by by by by by by by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here here here here here here here here here here here uh well so like um like uh you know you know so. We talked about about about about about about about about about about about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find we find we find we find find find find find find find find find find find we find we find we find we find we find we find we we we we we we we we we we we find lessons and stories in the most I mean so well you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um um uh unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So So So So So So So So So So So grab your favorite coffee you know so well well okay well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week's episode. Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us uh well like I mean I mean well well okay so like Odes our our our our our our our our our our our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um okay I mean you know you know so like Community, you're part part part part part part part part part part part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um well okay. Now, you're part of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're now, you're now, you're now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well well um like like you know okay you know of our our our our our our our our our our our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi KC hi KC hi KC hi KC hi KC hi KC hi KC hi KC KC KC KC KC KC KC KC KC KC KC hi KC hi KC is so you know I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well so like um Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you you you you you you you you you you you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show show show show show uh well you know like well um um um uh like notes. Hello. I have have have have have have have have have have have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer okay like you know like like like like like like like like like like like well uh uh okay you know you know to but I'm going to ask you you you you you you you you you you you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than so I mean uh um so like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of of of of of of of of of of of it just to so I mean um um uh okay you know like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you you you you you you you you you you you ever hear you know you know so uh okay you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far far far far far far far far far far far. My question so you know um uh uh you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify where you can okay okay okay well well well like so well okay listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a a a a a a a um so uh okay um um um so I mean well premium account account account account account account account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable okay like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean well like like topic plus you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an um um you know you know like um um um um um um um um um um um well like you know well episode premium users can download episodes to listen to to to to to to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever and easily well uh you know okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know I mean like share what you're listening to with your your your your your your your your your your your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done well okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay well so uh so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app search for Optimal okay uh okay okay um I mean well um you know so so so so so so so so so so so Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make make make make make make make make make make make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make make make make make make make make make make make also, make also, make sure you know you know I mean like uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know well like to follow me. So you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um uh you know so uh so. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr you know I mean well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh I mean well. Neal your neal your neal your your your your your your your your your your your neal your neal your neal your neal your neal your neal your neal neal neal neal neal neal neal neal neal neal neal your neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition of Optimal Health okay okay okay um like like like so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I I I I I I I I I I I okay you know okay like okay you know I mean okay okay you know have have have have have have have have have have have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my okay well like like like like like like like like like like like like so well well you know like okay coach because I had been feeling really really really really really really really really really really really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard I mean I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean like so like it can be sometimes and and and and and and and and and and and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern um like okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean you know like well I mean of just beating myself up in a a a a a a a a a a a really unhelpful. A way, which I know I mean um okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know like like better than to do but I just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of got caught in a loop and it's so okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh um like you know like okay one of my weaknesses. Well so so so so so so so so so so so my coach said something to me so very okay um um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well so you know profound and the shift that it it it it it it it it it it it has created since then has been so powerful that I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well um well so well okay he just knew that I had to to to to to to to to to to to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today today today today today today today today today today today. Which is which is which is which is which is which is which is which is which is which is which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer. I'm okay okay I mean okay like okay well you know I mean uh Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming brainstorming title ideas so uh okay so well well I mean uh okay like for the the the the the the the the the the the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay you know uh uh so I mean okay so. As we all all all all all all all all all all all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind um you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um you know um well well um of beverage with with with with with with with with with with with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean like so um uh uh so we got the the the the the the the the the the the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well like so well you know like well of the night night night night night night night night night night night. It's our day off tonight. We usually we usually we usually we usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually we usually we usually we usually we usually we usually we usually we usually watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch a Lego okay you know you know okay well you know uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters okay you know I mean um well well okay um um you know. So So So So So So So So So So So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the the the the the the the the the the the like you know you know okay um like well okay okay um Chief versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford like uh you know uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like like copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies. It's built to help you know like you know I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh okay you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out out out out out out out out out out out on the road. They're smart well like so like so so um well well well well well well well well well well well well um and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today is okay uh you know so uh well okay okay um um Monday, March March March March March March March March March March March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick um um um um um um um um um um um so like you know uh okay okay you know so uh Leeson was arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay uh well um like exchange. He would he would would would would would would would would would would would he would he would he would he would he would he would he would he he he he he he he he he he he would he would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of of of of of of of of of of of you know well you know like I mean um um you know well uh one one one one one one one one one one one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but um well well well well well well well well well well well you know well so okay I mean well so so you have to study right right right right right right right right right right right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley is here to help on on on on on on on on on on on you know I mean you know um so um well um you know well well well well well well well well well well well Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to to to to to to to to to to to I mean okay okay okay so you know uh okay uh I mean two board board board board board board board board board board board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so well um so uh uh important facts for an infectious agent and and and and and and and and and and and at least one original board style question for the ism so uh well well so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like okay like with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need need need need need need need need need need need like I mean well you know um like uh okay so okay to to to to to to to to to to to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh so I mean okay um so so hearts Monica Gates a period and and and and and and and and and and and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women uh like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so um okay I mean like I mean to harness the power of their period and and and and and and and and and and and connected FM has blood in this well uh um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well like um um like episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health health health health health health health health health health health food money sex business feminine I mean like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um so uh flow your brain energy and all the stuff to to to to to to to to to to to go through our heads. You will uh like um well uh well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs as like uh um like so okay well so you know so other the the the the the the the the the the the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well well you know you know well uh thinking cook too afraid to to to to to to to to to to to say so if you didn't already see basically I had well so um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh um okay I mean uh to leave my apartment in Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in um well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay um I mean um Williamsburg now, but basically what happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened is like the laws in New York like crazy okay uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean well so with like subletting and whatever and I was was was was was was was was was was was I was renting a friend's apartment and well okay so like like uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know um then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up stand-up. Yeah. I like so um okay okay well okay um uh well had had had had had had had had had had had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well so you know okay I mean I mean so just just just just just just just just just just just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all all all all all all all all all all all like um you know uh so um I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, let's uh like I mean um so you know like so well so fix this in in in in in in in in in in in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh so so okay you know um well you know. Okay, there is I'm watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to well uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh you know well um business and I was like, I don't know know know know know know know know know know know. I guess I feel like I always need uh uh uh so like like like like like like like like like like like okay like like um okay to be in control and she's like, is that what what what what what what what what what what what you you know I mean I mean okay um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um um um do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I I I I I I I I I I I don't you know um okay um so uh so uh well um know and she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh um so um um um I mean God's word life purpose values values values values values values values values values values values and Faith through this podcast. We will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will will reflect more okay um well like okay like I mean um so well well well well well well well well well well well deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life life life life life life life life life life life full of um uh um you know so so okay I mean well uh meaning and and and and and and and and and and and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you you you you you you you you you you you with me. Much love much love much love much love much love much love love love love love love love love love love love much love much love much love much love much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you you you you you you you um you know so well well I mean I mean um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form form form form form form form form form form form. So like so like so like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like like okay you know like okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean you know please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just just just just just just just just just just just put hashtag garyvee podcast with uh uh um um well I mean um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly uh uh I mean like I mean um well okay like you know B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay so um uh you know like uh uh to the Vlog and if if if if if if if if if if if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay so um so well double. He's then please enjoy this this this this this this this this this this this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay so um okay you know so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in in in in in in in in in in in your phone numbers. We're going to uh well um well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like well uh you know call somebody in LinkedIn live put put put put put put put put put put put in your phone number and your question and well uh so um well you know like like like like like like like like like like like like okay um then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome wildly accomplished Daymond I mean well you know I mean okay so you know well well well well well well well well well well well um you know John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the so the so the so the so the so the so the so so so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the time is probably going to come when I I I I I I I I I I I delete all these episodes uh okay so uh you know I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit so so so I mean well um okay uh like I mean here if if if if if if if if if if if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you you you you you you you you you you you you know well so I mean so okay okay I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This This This This This This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is like like like so well um uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with with with with with with with with with with with so um um like uh so like I mean um um me as most New New New New New New New New New New New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking just taking just taking just taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking just taking just taking just taking just taking just taking just taking just taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking out the um okay well like like you know you know um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually letting me me me me me me me me me me me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you you know uh well like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know like okay. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street street street street street street street street street street street. Thank you for being polite okay so um um you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes into like um um well uh okay you know okay well okay the bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel um um um um um um um um um um um uh um okay so uh like well well okay like a failure and that's like any standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard. So like if it's let's just say I mean well um so like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty thousand dollars a month or well so okay um you know okay so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like like like like like like like like like like like well so like okay you know I mean you know well um okay tripling it out out out out out out out out out out out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't know I mean okay uh like um um like um uh uh why why why why why why why why why why why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do why do why do why why why why why why why why why why why do why do why do why do why do why do why do why why why why why why why why why why why do I feel that way? well like okay so um I mean okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are are are are are are are are are are are way outside of uh you know I mean well so well so uh uh um our means means means means means means means means means means means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is is is is is is is is is is is Lorna okay well like you know you know like um uh uh well Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner of I mean like well I mean you know you know you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem Clem and this okay well I mean like so um well uh like so is is is is is is is is is is is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like well well okay um well like been a long long long long long long long long long long long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um so like you know well like okay a while now, but now now now now now now now now now now now we're starting so Gary if you want to okay well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean like well well say the thing the thing is is is is is is is is is is is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah well uh um well like uh well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just just just just just just just just just just just kind of um you know uh um okay well uh uh um um figuring out out out out out out out out out out out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean uh well so okay uh uh eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind I mean uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um um okay like okay well I mean of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction um I mean I mean uh um like like like like like like like like like like like so okay like so home base for the moment, you know, move it down down down down down down down down down down down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean um like you know I mean um well okay always always always always always always always always always always always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw so so well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean I mean I mean well okay so this all of this and I gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave all of my family a you know so you know uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean um I mean sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you uh you know um like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know um having a good day. I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I'm having a great day today - - - - - - - - - - - do tell Yeah, uh you know I mean I mean um so so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a a a a a a a a a a a walk worked um well um I mean well um okay well I mean um out out out out out out out out out out out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um okay uh um well well so late. I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then well like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um well you know so well I just been sluggish but I'm about about about about about about about about about about about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just I I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my my my my my my my my my my my okay okay okay like um uh I mean okay well like co-host Chris silver silver silver silver silver silver silver silver silver silver silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure well so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh well so I mean you know you know okay. You know how how how how how how how how how how how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home so so you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know I mean I mean um like okay from the gym. So So So So So So So So So So So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know like okay um well like. So I had to clear my throat throat throat throat throat throat throat throat throat throat throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller you know like okay like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like like. But yeah, okay. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay I mean um uh um I mean like I mean how in the the the the the the the the the the the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because because because because because because because because because because because well okay well um okay well like okay like um I am not tech tech tech tech tech tech tech tech tech tech tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly recommend so so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay you know you know so okay well uh to anyone. It is is is is is is is is is is is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to create um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh uh uh okay uh you know your very own podcast. The audio is is is is is is is is is is is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the I mean um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean okay uh uh best part is that they distribute the out out out out out out out out out out out your podcast for you and So if you're you know okay so um so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so you know so interested in making a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast just download the free anchor app or go to um uh so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well um Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f f f f f f f f f f f I mean um so like um so well well so uh m-- and and and and and and and and and and and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode okay well okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know okay um okay of the good sign with with with with with with with with with with with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know okay I mean like okay so much for tuning in to to to to to to to to to to to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a a a a a a a a a a a uh so so uh you know I mean I mean uh I mean okay name yet? yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know uh I mean so like name kind of lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame lame. But but then I was told that people may think you know like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well okay well um um so that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential potential potential potential potential potential potential potential potential potential potential copyright with you know, the actual you know um so so uh uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know. Anyway, how so you know I mean okay so you know so so like so so so so so so so so so so so we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I figured I figured I figured I I I I I I I I I I I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I would would would would would would would would would would would start a podcast. Maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to help kind um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh I mean I mean uh I mean uh of supplement my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know well um um um okay like Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have have have have have have have have have have have you first let me apologize. I just ate like you know so so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean I mean um like um Indian food and it's stuck in my my my my my my my my my my my throat. First off. Let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and thank you um well so uh um so well uh uh well for your applause applause applause applause applause applause applause applause applause applause applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in honeycomb so um um um um um um um um um um um like um well so like like um okay Manila, which is the home of our company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, but also is also a co-working okay you know uh okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know so uh space where people can come and even record here here here here here here here here here here here. We have a number of uh you know okay okay um like um you know know know know know know know know know know know um like people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so so I mean you know well so you know well well well well well well well well well well well Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which which which which which which which which which which which you know like well um okay okay okay well I mean well is is is is is is is is is is is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um well so I mean uh so uh uh Thumbs Up And subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening like um so um um um um um um um um um um um you know like um um okay like via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, please also do leave like okay I mean um I mean well well okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay you know like okay well uh so so, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that that that that that that that that that that that you know like uh um uh well like you know okay well successful entrepreneurs are are are are are are are are are are are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / um well well well well well well well well well well well well okay so so I mean uh okay like create to access your free guide and and and and and and and and and and and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg uh uh so uh so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like well. Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want want want want want want want want want want want to stop being you know I mean so um uh uh um like well you you you you you you you you you you you know so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled like I mean so I mean like I mean okay okay well like treasure. So So So So So So So So So So So far. Nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller the youngest son uh uh well so okay uh like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean uh um like like okay the southwestern coast of of of of of of of of of of of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to so okay like like like like like like like like like like like like so uh uh okay okay okay swim to shore, but he was never seen again again again again again again again again again again again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 well uh okay um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted parachuted to an uncertain so okay well so um so so so you know well fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know okay okay uh so well them. And now and now now now now now now now now now now now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now now now now now now now now now now now and now and now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly show okay you know so um like uh I mean I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special so um um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean so you know um um mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the you know well so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um so well I mean like sunny City by The Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for like okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know like I mean well you know uh um joining me again on an an an an an an an an an an an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we okay um you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay so you know like interview local musicians and bands starting off off off off off off off off off off off now growing into bigger acts in the you know you know uh well like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean so okay okay future today. I am joined by by by by by by by by by by by or joy. Joined with rather a local band like I mean you know uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know so I mean so called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves and say which which instrument you guys I mean like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like okay well well um play starting off with you? What up? What up? up up up up up up up up up up My name? My name is toothpick vocalist well like like well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG IG IG IG IG IG IG IG IG IG IG recall Punk's with an X with uh you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know well um so um so like the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that that that that that that that that that that that easy you know so okay well uh I mean um you know uh you know. You You You You You You You You You You You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good good good good good good good good good good good mood, uh okay like like so well you know okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done done done done done done done done done done done you know uh okay you know so okay well well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man man man man man man man man man man man it like so uh okay uh okay okay well well okay was windy. It It It It It It It It It It It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail um um I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know um you know um about that here soon. But first but first but but but but but but but but but but but first but first but first but first but first but first but first but but but but but but but but but but but first but first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having I'm having having having having having having having having having having having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm having I'm having I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay okay um uh well I mean well Jackson Bales and and and and and and and and and and and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How um like okay like like like like like like like like like like like well like well well so well are you? Good good, good good, good good, good good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know so like like like I mean like me and Jackson on no no no no no no no no no no no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like so you know like so originally wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little nice little little little little little little little little little little little nice little nice little nice little nice little nice little nice little nice little nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice little nice little okay okay uh like uh well um so well well well well well well well well well well well well full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this this this this this this this this this this this um well well uh well well okay I mean um I mean and on on on on on on on on on on on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening well well well well well well well well well well well like okay um okay well so uh okay okay at home both Jackson and and and and and and and and and and and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well um well so uh this weekend in Ottowa for men's you you you you you you you you you you you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like you know uh um tell us a little little little little little little little little little little little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with you know um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay okay okay um I mean Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said said said said said said said said said said said it back on my first podcast okay um um well uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well well so like like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so so much for um okay I mean um uh so well um well um tuning in. You You You You You You You You You You You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the time time time time time time time time time time time uh you know um uh I mean so so well so okay to listen to to to to to to to to to to to me. And so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so and so I am grateful and I I I I I I I I I I I do not take the um you know I mean you know well you know well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the the the the the the the the the the the day after a well I mean I mean I mean like um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I I I I I I I I I I I was in a hard place well you know like um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like so of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble Humble me and um okay like I mean uh like uh like uh you know for me me me me me me me me me me me to take a few steps back and really realize okay I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean you know well uh so what are the gifts that God has has has has has has has has has has has given me what has God given me okay okay well like I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay connectivity. Okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so like um uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like well I mean well this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor its like um like you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools so you know you know so so like well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or okay like well I mean I mean um I mean uh so you know computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it it so it could be heard on uh so uh uh um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh um Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast you know so like uh uh um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in in in in okay um okay um I mean okay you know uh so well one place place place place place place place place place place place. So download so download so download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download so download the anchor app. For your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or go to Anchor uh I mean um I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know FM.com to get started. Well, howdy well, howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know um so um uh uh going to talk about President Reagan fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by by by by by by by by Jason concepcin I mean so uh you know I mean so um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought the the the the the the the the the the the so uh uh well so well like I mean uh well Revolutionary War for a a a a a a a a a a a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my um you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh uh you know um okay God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm well I mean okay okay um like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean so like not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch like diagnostic system um so okay well uh like so um um so so so so so so so so so so so. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if if if if if if if if if if if I mean okay like you know uh you know uh uh so okay we would would would would would would would would would would would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay um like so well um. Donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's Who's so uh you know like um uh like I mean so okay They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a like like you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean so uh well um uh guy who's a guy or a gal whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose job is to go to uh um well like so uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the the the the the the the the the the the so you know um so um I mean uh uh okay so fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking about starting your like um uh I mean well so I mean okay well uh own own own own own own own own own own own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like so um so like like okay the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools you know so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean I mean okay that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone so well okay uh you know um so so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can can can be heard okay like like okay okay okay I mean I mean uh so on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um um like uh I mean you know well like uh well. No minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in okay like uh so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh um uh I mean one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to um uh like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well uh uh get started is beyond where you'll learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process well uh I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean like I mean so how to get the best deal what scans scans scans scans scans scans scans scans scans scans scans to watch out for and you know you know so um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's um uh well like like okay uh uh like um free. Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right so so um like okay I mean like uh like I mean from from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh you know okay like so you can be heard on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make uh I mean so like well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you you you you you you you you you you you everything you everything you everything you need so you know like so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay okay to make podcast in one place. You start your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to our I mean like well like you know I mean well uh well um very very very very very very very very very very very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was you was you you you you you you you you you you you was you was you was you was you was you was you you you you you you you you you you you was you was you was you know well um you know um so well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria BC our theme you know you know okay like um well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly freshly you can um I mean uh well well well um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh so well well so like 6th. Our theme song is is is is is is is is is is is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a minute and and and and and and and and and and and say if you've well okay like okay well well so so okay well well well well well well well well well well well ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean well well um um um the place I can't tell you you you you you you you you you you you how easy it was for me to start my um I mean well uh like like like like like like like like like like like like you know so um you know podcast and get it up and and and and and and and and and and and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks like like like I mean like um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay okay of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go go go go go go go go go go go on Spotify I mean I mean well well uh like so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I I I I I I I I I I I can do it I mean well so I mean like okay you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I I I I I I I I I I I want to okay like I mean um uh well so um um you know know know know know know know know know know know do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like um um like well I mean okay well with sponsorships. They helped me with with with with with with with with with with with so much. They literally do it. All I I mean okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so so well okay I mean so okay can't think of a better place to start a a a a a a a a a a a podcast for a beginner okay well um uh uh you know like okay um like like like like like like like like like like like for a pro. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't matter again. So download so so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download download download download so download so download so download the free app today you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean well I mean um you know well well or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um like I mean well okay like free, or you can go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of um um um um um um um um um um um uh so well I mean I mean um I mean so you know an introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay okay um like I mean well uh well I'd give you a a a a a a a a a a a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going you know so so so so so so so so so so so like uh well I mean okay you know you know like to be about about about about about about about about about about about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean okay you know well well I mean yourself set set set set set set set set set set set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played you know know know know know know know know know know know well well uh I mean um I mean I mean you know like Super kosher about about about about about about about about about about about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean well well like I mean um you know listening to to to to to to to to to to to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so like um you know well I mean uh thought why don't I give give give give give give give give give give give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like um um uh you know I mean uh well and tactics to players who who who who who who who who who who who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to to to to to to to to to to to the Dubuque okay you know I mean you know okay well um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow him on uh um so I mean I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you you you you you you you you you you you can record edit like okay okay okay so you know uh okay uh you know and publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean like um well so like Apple podcast Spotify and and and and and and and and and and and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to you know well well well well well well well well well well well well so um well like um you know I mean buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this this this this this this this this this this this thing well I mean well like okay I mean um uh so you know to get get get get get get get get get get get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO like like like like like like like like like like like like uh like okay um uh uh um uh and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We We We We We We We We We We We are a fitness based community in well so you know well okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um well well you know North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is honestly something that's been on uh uh like so okay well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know my mind for a while and it's time for it to go go go go go go go go go go go. So here like so so okay I mean well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so we go with episode. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to to to to to to to to to to to talk a little bit about why we're I mean so okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well like uh I mean so doing this and what to expect and who it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's for. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so so so so so so so so so so so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get right into it like like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh okay okay you know like I mean I mean. The why the the the the the the the the the the the why the why the why the why the why the why the why the the the the the the the the the the the why the why the why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had for for for for for for for for for for for our uh okay uh like so uh you know you know like well fitness Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community that's six and a half years old is to always be improving. So I I I I I I I I I I I you know uh well like uh uh I mean like I mean well see this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other other other other other other other other other other um I mean well uh you know well like well I mean so Dreadful Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean I mean well well I mean um well okay as well. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so okay well okay I mean like and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are are are are are are are are are are are new to this podcast, my name is Sam I mean uh so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like like I mean and I'm your host and if if if if if if if if if if if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you you know uh like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um like so can go follow it on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well um so okay um um well you know? Yeah, just saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like um well um so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay like I had a hard time recording this because I kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept rambling. I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash episode of so uh I mean um I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend Bitcoin Tina to I mean uh I mean well you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in in in in in in in in in in in the world that are I mean okay um um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean uh bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly this week in American okay you know so um um okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna like it quick one so like you know okay uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought well I mean I mean like I mean well so so so well well well well well well well well well well well to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay um okay so uh um okay uh had a friend reach out out out out out out out out out out out to me the yesterday the other not the other so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay I mean I mean um uh I mean day yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so uh um well um okay I mean me download that what what what what what what what what what what what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh like well so so uh well easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He He He He He He He He He He He had to be refreshed his memory had to I mean uh so well like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um so well be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell phone showing them how to buy okay I mean like uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of of of of of of of of of of of the how to Hardscape podcast I mean okay like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so I mean where we talk to you about how you can start and and and and and and and and and and and grow your hardscaping uh okay I mean well uh so you know you know so um um um um um um um um um um um business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day day day day day day day day day day day we you know I mean uh I mean okay um I mean like okay like like like like like like like like like like like are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers starting well uh uh you know uh um uh okay I mean I mean a an an an an an an an an an an an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to well you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know you know like so uh like okay be able able able able able able able able able able able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh like I mean I mean like so um search engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine results. So without so without so without so without so without so without so without without without without without without without without without without without so without so without so without so without further Ado, let's get right right right right right right right right right right right into it getting into okay like like so um okay you know um like you know know know know know know know know know know know creating a website. That is that is that is that is that is that is that that that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is search engine optimized SEO optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized optimized is something that I've okay so okay so um I mean um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean been working on for the past 5 years at least now with with with with with with with with with with with creating like um well well well like like I mean like you know websites and how how how how how how how how how how how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of um um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so like like uh uh like websites that I've created and it's it is is is is is is is is is is is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys I mean you know so well um uh you know I mean okay okay podcast before before before before before before before before before before before we get this episode Ron. I really I really I really I really I I I I I I I I I I I really I really I really I really I really I really I really really really really really really really really really really really do want to talk I mean you know uh I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um well a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. I have a script I I mean you know okay you know well like well well well well well well well well well well well um like like will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way you know uh so um uh um um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that okay um I mean you know um uh um so you you you you you you you you you you you know um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or computer. Anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you know um well um well um you know like like like like like like like like like like like so well will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify so well I mean I mean okay like okay okay okay so Apple music. A A A A A A A A A A A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know okay um um okay well your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast so you know well like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay uh I mean I mean in one place. Anyways, let's get this this this this this this this this this this this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to well you know so you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like like um okay the podcast is the boys again. We got we got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got been your host Ethan Patrick. And uh um um um um you know know know know know know know know know know know um um like uh of course me. We're all we're all we're all we're all all all all all all all all all all all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all all all all all all all all all all all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know like uh uh you know you know four main host host host host host host host host host host host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so so so so so so so so good and um okay like uh I mean uh like well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record record record record record record record record record record record and I mean you know like um you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast uh um okay I mean uh um so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking to I mean so I mean okay like okay well uh you know um start start start start start start start start start start start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? right right right right right right right right right right um I mean well like uh like like uh uh um Here's the happy hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept I slept I slept I slept I slept I I I I I I I I I I I slept I slept I slept I slept I slept I slept until 9:00 today today today today today today today today today today today. Oh my God okay um so well okay um I mean well uh okay. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean okay you know I mean okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here here here here here here here here here here here you know uh well okay um okay like I mean uh I mean Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so uh okay uh well I mean well talk about things that that that that that that that that that that that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know well well okay uh um I mean um on the deal today guys? So today we we we we we we we we we we we first we just want to um uh so so okay so like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to to to to to to to to to to to around so well so okay uh you know uh I mean uh I mean 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is is is is is is is is is is is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki Ki you know um well uh like so I mean uh I mean um Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up up up up up up up up up up up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate simulate a carafe sake make you know okay uh um you know I mean well uh well well well well well well well well well well well so the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Makai uh okay uh so I mean uh okay um so okay time major Nicole today on on on on on on on on on on on the show. We're going to be talking about gross okay so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like um well so rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering wondering why are we talking about like like okay okay uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well um Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland given that it like uh I mean you know okay um I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like um is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd actually invest I mean like like you know like uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one one one one one one one one one one one of I mean so you know uh uh um I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well well the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an an an an an an an an an an an well uh you know um uh you know like well so you know article that that that that that that that that that that that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um you know okay you know so like well core logic data that the the the the the the the the the the the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know um so so you know Parnell is 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22. Percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that like like like like like like like like like like like um um okay okay okay you know you know you know like is 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51%. And they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where where where where where where where where where where where well so so you know um like I mean well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for for for for for for for for for for for well okay well like you know so so um like I mean joining us us us us us us us us us us us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating celebrating you know well um so like like you know okay so um women. I'll is international international international international international international international international international international international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we thought so um um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so well okay okay it'd be a good opening topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff you know um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um so you know have you heard in the news news news news news news news news news news news this week? Okay, so I know in so so um I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know I mean um a moment you're going to be talking about about about about about about about about about about about a really huge piece of news um um so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um so that was covered in the media last week. So I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it might be nice you know I mean you know okay um so like like like like like like like like like like like uh um you know for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that that that that that that that that that that that people uh well uh okay uh I mean okay I mean okay so haven't necessarily heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an so so so so so so so so so so so so like well you know um um well um you know article about hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your host Simon well uh well um okay I mean like um um um Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like well so well uh well okay are the audio versions of our videos that that that that that that that that that that that were originally published on YouTube. If well so um well so um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on on on on on on on on on on on Apple podcasts or like like you know you know uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um you know Oye podcast. Also, you also, you also, you you you you you you you you you you you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um like you know uh so uh all of that stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well well you know uh well to me. Let me know how you you you you you you you you you you you liked this show and let's get into it well uh okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh well you know. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top top top top top top top top top top top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in and in the video today I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like um you know okay um I mean I mean. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally like um well uh so like uh you know uh so different most of us us us us us us us us us us us go through life and not knowing who we are or what okay well okay um so so so so so so so so so so so um um I mean you know you know we want to do at least until a a a a a a a a a a a few decades in we go through well I mean well uh um um like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we we we we we we we we we we we find the um um well like like okay well so like uh one that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well okay you know like well the most successful corporations on on on on on on on on on on on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well I mean I mean like um you please take a a a a a a a a a a a minute and give us a five star rating? This would um like uh well well well well well well well well well well well um like like like well um really help us to move forward. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory uh well um so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know like okay okay and we are the hosts of the aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle speaking for Success podcast and next well um uh you know uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so week on March the 13th. We will be the host of of of of of of of of of of of the aisle speaking uh um um well so like uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this this this this this this this this this this this is the you know okay well okay okay so you know okay so okay unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will will will will will will will will will will will so okay I mean okay I mean like um um well um be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes on his feet. So no so no so no so no so no no no no no no no no no no no so no so no so no so no so no so no I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh well uh okay you know well preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So So So So So So So So So So So please so please so please so please so please so please so please so so so so so so so so so so so please so please so please so please do join in we do need uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like I mean okay I mean so you know everyone to join in in in in in in in in in in in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah Hart okay like okay I mean okay you know like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz you might you know uh um um uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current current current current current current current current current current current phenomenal hit well well so like like I mean I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well well podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s 30s or newly I mean okay uh like I mean so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you you you you you you you you you you you um well okay I mean well you know well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel well well well well well well well well well well well um well you know well like like uh well like nervous today, which I I I I I I I I I I I really yeah II don't know why I really don't well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so uh like so um you know know why listeners and earbuds what what what what what what what what what what what you weren't privy to prior to this was my you know uh like well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean okay well frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and and and and and and and and and and and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I you I you I you I you I I I I I I I I I I I you I you I you I you I you I you I you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay I mean okay you know you know um uh I mean said to all all all all all all all all all all all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay um uh uh make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing I hate more than when you show up well so um I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like um you know to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean okay um so okay okay so well say thank you. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness goodness well like like so um okay like um um okay and mercy in your your your your your your your your your your your life. What a what a what a what a what a what a a a a a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a what a God we have to to to to to to to to to to to worship. What a like okay I mean okay I mean like okay so well um son we we we we we we we we we we we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean so so well um like I mean. You You You You You You You You You You You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware aware aware aware aware aware aware aware aware aware aware of I mean um well like um well um like I mean I mean what what what what what what what what what what what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you know know know know know know know know know know know um um well uh well well like I mean you know you from my father father father father father father father father father father father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Cardone Starts you know okay okay I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business business business business business business business business business business business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean like okay here with Joe Justin and Dom episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, um um um okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well so so like so man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk I mean like well you know okay you know well like uh uh now. It It It It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was the buzz. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know um well um you know I mean you know crazy episode that that that that that that that that that that that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like like you know uh you know I mean. And so far first off off off off off off off off off off off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged so uh you know like well well well well well well well well well well well like um you know uh like 30 drama mystery. There's so there's so there's so so so so so so so so so so so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so so so so so so so so so so so there's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal okay um um um um um um um um um um um so um so well well well I mean I mean Shenanigans and then I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna tie up some of the other little things at so okay well well okay um um um um um um um um um um um well okay like you know the end and then of course at the end. And we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be doing like you know you know you know you know like so well well well well well well well well well well well uh um our class clown class president. So if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if you guys have a class clown class present well um uh like um um um um um um um um um um um well okay uh so I mean for this episode, please start sending them in in in in in in in in in in in in the live chat. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so okay so okay so am Katie. I am flying solo tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if uh so so well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean uh um I mean you have some thoughts so that I I I I I I I I I I I can also cut you as you guys I mean like so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like I mean as my co-host because I will be relying on on on on on on on on on on on you greatly tonight. So first off like I mean okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh uh what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about you you you you you you you you you you you know like well well so uh um you know uh you know Brandon bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well okay like uh okay so like done it without you guys. So thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks for everything and like my new front front front front front front front front front front front tooth you know well you know um um like like I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel like like like like like like like like like like like like so okay like uh so well you know so from Brandon bills and help your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode you know well well uh um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean um. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you you you you you you you you you you you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome okay so so so okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh okay back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the ICC inside of of of of of of of of of of of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media so like I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know so uh today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got got got got got got got got got got got Luke Pettigrew Gareth like um so um like okay like okay like I mean McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay so okay you know like like um like Things New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC um uh well um like like like like like like like like like like like okay um I mean um I mean this year. So welcome guys Luke. I I I I I I I I I I I might start with you if that's okay you know I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay so so uh. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of months about you guys uh uh uh you know uh uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Um, yeah, so I mean well like like okay um okay like um so so so so so so so so so so so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like you know um um um I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each each each each each each each each each episode so you know um well um like so so I mean okay. We are are are are are are are are are are are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um um like I mean I mean you know I mean can can can can can can can can can can can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved okay I mean you know I mean like like so so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and and and and and and and and and and and nutrition like so I mean so um like okay um you know okay and and and and and and and and and and and mindset coach for many years. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am the CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO of an online counseling and okay I mean so um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples and disconnected families navigate you know okay uh well you know well like like like like like like like like like like like so you know well through tough times. I love the work that I do so so so so so so so so so so so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Institute so uh okay like uh you know you know you know like like of of of of of of of of of of of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to to to to to to to to to to to the I mean uh um um I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like okay podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus from current social okay um um so uh um like you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting well well well well well well well well well well well well um uh so uh like I mean uh so interviews with guests from from from from from from from from from from from both within and outside of our campus. We also we also we also we we we we we we we we we we we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan on having discussions uh so so um uh I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something something something something something something something something something something something for our listeners as okay I mean I mean you know I mean like okay well well well well well well well well well well well um like well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as as as as as as as as as as as a few you know well um okay so uh um uh uh so surprise segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay uh okay I mean um with laughter happiness and and and and and and and and and and and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to well um so well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so um well well goonch. Wide range wide range wide range wide range wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide range wide range wide range wide range wide range wide range wide range of of of of of of of of of of of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay so I mean so I mean I mean fun contest for for for for for for for for for for for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I um you know so so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh like so I mean um hope all this mess will join join join join join join join join join join join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm Kate Crocker like so I mean I mean so so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. I hope you're well today. Do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you think you are are are are are are are are are are are challenging yourself enough? I had a so like I mean uh uh so um um um um um um um um um um um so um you know moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really really really really really really really really really really really surprised. It's well well okay uh so you know so well okay I mean always always always always always always always always always always always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really really really really really really really really really really really good like so um so you know um well I mean so so at that and then then then then then then then then then then then someone asks you a question and you go always like that uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean um I mean you know well. I think I'm good good good good good good good good good good good at that or the time actually good at that so I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so um you know you know so uh uh I mean I have been challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so um I mean through those challenges. It feels it it it it it it it it it it it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it it it it it it it it it it it feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your your your your your your your your your your your okay like um I mean okay well you know okay I mean I mean instinct says says says says says says says says says says says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there t t t t t t t t t t t you know uh okay I mean you know I mean I mean I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy okay well well well well well well well well well well well um um well uh like you know so um when you do the hard stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard okay okay uh I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know like so so well stuff. So something so something so something so something so so so so so so so so so so so something so something so something so something so something so something so something is is is is is is is is is is is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean like like okay like well you know podcast go to to to to to to to to to to to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 um um so so so so so so so so so so so so okay like okay I mean like I mean I said last time I promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are uh uh okay like well um um um um um um um um um um um like like so uh kind of like sit down like TV watching style style style style style style style style style style style throwing it on the smart TVs um uh um so like well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This This This This This This This This This This This weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this this this this this this this this this this this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly be like you know uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know uh you know a super loaded with a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then uh uh like so so so so so so so so so so so like uh you know you know I mean I mean there's a really epic. A meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is you know so well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um well um uh the team that I own in the Call Call Call Call Call Call Call Call Call Call Call of Duty League the minority owner along you know you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know um you know well uh with the event Vikings ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my um so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well like uh well well mindset about business and operations and marketing of of of of of of of of of of of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports so uh so so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like so Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did did did did did did did did did did did with an you know well you know um uh well uh so so so so so so so so so so so so so incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too too too too too too too too too too too good so okay uh I mean like you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted to make okay okay um um like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well um this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using using using using using using using using using using using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the well I mean uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is is is is is is is is is is is free totally free you know so I mean you know I mean okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record okay I mean okay like so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your you know uh okay uh like uh um uh okay you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many many I mean I mean uh I mean you know uh okay like so you know more more more more more more more more more more more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum I mean okay so I mean you know okay well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so like okay like uh uh so podcast in one place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay like you know you know uh. F m-- to get started. Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome well you know well so like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know okay well back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's it going? Happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you you you you you you you you you you you follow well um you know okay so like like I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that okay well well well well well well well well well well well um okay well well like uh uh uh I post regular devotionals in the the the the the the the the the the the mornings to encourage us with the word of God so like like like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will be looking uh okay um well I mean so uh so uh so so so so so so so so so so so at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and and and and and and and and and and and um uh okay you know you know uh okay so uh like speaking very specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart my heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart my heart my heart my heart my heart my heart my heart my heart my my my my my my my my my my my heart my heart uh okay well like okay well so I mean so well behind this this this this this this this this this this this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like um uh like uh well obviously avoid but we we we we we we we we we we we will our mindset that we would go through it so okay like well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know you know um okay well will be different. I am so so so so so so so so so so so convinced and I have been challenged myself to like okay so like so like um um um um um um um um um um um so uh well apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's okay so I mean you know uh I mean well well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of of of of of of of of of of of mind so like like I mean well you know you know I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you you you you you you you you you you you off social you know I mean uh um I mean so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things things things things things things things things things things things uh you know okay um okay well I mean okay you know okay. But I I I I I I I I I I I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable well well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know I mean like I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back back back back back back back back back back back. But then but then but then but then but then but then but then then then then then then then then then then then but then but then but then but then I well okay so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know well I mean you know okay realize it sounds like they they they they they they they they they they they really I need to eat your because life has well so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay like okay well uh now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last um so um um um um um um um um um um um so so uh like I mean like well week. I went to Munich and it was was was was was was was was was was was a great weekend. I spend well okay um like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean like the weekend there to do a keynote talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk also was a part of a panel and yeah well uh um like you you you you you you you you you you you know um like um okay I mean had a good time in general so so so so so so so so so so so good to be back right now and um so I mean um um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've invited Matt I mean I mean uh like uh I mean uh like I mean well angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well well okay um so I mean okay. It's actually the second second second second second second second second second second second I guess he is the I think he's the vice so um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean so um so you know president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a a a a a a a a a a a quick well like like like you know um so I mean well like update. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast like um um um um um um um um um um um okay um you know uh uh like like so tonight. I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but like well like so so so so so so so so so so so well well well well um okay there was a boot on my car because if if if if if if if if if if if you've ever watched a any Parking um I mean I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay I mean Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been been been been been been been been been been been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free you know okay I mean okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean you know you know this morning Monday morning, and and and and and and and and and and and now I'm heading back home. So like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so like so like I I I I I I I I I I I so okay well uh like well so uh I mean I mean said, I'm Fortunately, I I I I I I I I I I I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys like okay um uh so so um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for for for for for for for for for for for a quick second to let okay okay you know well like you know know know know know know know know know know know like well you know so you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all all all all all all all all all all all of you creative podcasters out you know you know okay uh okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like so like there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to to to to to to to to to to to uh uh well so I mean uh okay uh so okay use and has all all all all all all all all all all all the creation tools. You need you need you need you need you need you you you you you you you you you you you need you need you need you need you need you need to record and and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from well so so well so you know um like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up up up up up up up up up up up on Apple like you know I mean uh uh so like so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect with sponsors, even well uh like uh I mean well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like um okay I mean um so uh sure to check it out out out out out out out out out out out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot so well um um um um um um um um um um um so you know well okay so um um. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m-- uh you know um okay you know uh I mean okay like so back back back back back back back back back back back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees okay so well okay um like okay so you know um Rocks. They were that that that that that that that that that that that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw I saw I saw I saw I I I I I I I I I I I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw him do do do do do do do do do do do you know you know um you know so I mean you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was so uh um um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like um good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like like like like like like like like like like like a buzz saw like it was so okay uh okay like I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like um so crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking Amazing. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like like like like like like like like like like like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like um uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean okay okay so okay wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just always like people you know uh okay so like uh I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so you know you may know and then I see him and it's like like like like like like like like like like like him singing uh you know um well like so well you know uh so while he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so like uh you know so so um okay think yeah, they're at at at at at at at at at at at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a well you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean so okay okay um like like coat on on on on on on on on on on on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay um okay uh okay like like well mic out of the mics and and and and and and and and and and and it has got the mic stand up here like uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh well uh. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay okay I mean so like I mean I mean so you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of so so so so so so so so so so so um you know okay uh well uh you know like like my pieces of content, there's over over over over over over over over over over over 10 years worth of content. There's over there's over there's over there's over there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick like you okay you know well like I mean you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay like you know so you know so uh to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to to to to to to to to to to to you know I mean like you know well so so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and told the the the the the the the the the the the like okay well uh um so so you know uh okay coach to come get me. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then he went to the pros and told the coach well um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know well you know. I got to speak after after after after after after after after after after after all these kids in the hood who didn't have well you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh I mean you know so fathers. I became their their their their their their their their their their their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they like well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay okay well I mean well so Daddy with him when I I I I I I I I I I I went to the NFL. They took they took they took they took they took they they they they they they they they they they they took they took they took they took they took they took their daddy with with with with with with with with with with with them okay okay well um um um um I mean well well when when when when when when when when when when when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes here Comes here Comes here Comes here Comes here Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes here Comes here Comes here Comes here Comes here Comes so bad at in and and and and and and and and and and and out down the lane inside. He's been I mean well um like so well you you you you you you you you you you you know so um you know to the station. The senior the last time Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective um you know um uh okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are are are are are are are are are are are tuned in with me you know like I mean okay you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you you you you you you you you you you you guys support and okay okay so I mean you know okay uh so like so so so so so so so so so so so I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank uh you know I mean so I mean okay uh well I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app app app app app app app today I mean so okay I mean well like so um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development development development development development development development development development development development uh you know well well well um I mean um like you know productivity business business business business business business business business business business business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and and and and and and and and and and and so um okay well I mean okay well well so um get the the the the the the the the the the the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um like you know okay okay well well I mean. App and app and and and and and and and and and and and app and app and app and app and app and app and and and and and and and and and and and app and app and app and download our app for free today. Summary of of of of of of of of of of of best job ever by dr. CK you know well well so well um um um um um um um um um um um uh like okay um Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by by by by by by by by by by by Jim D Johnston introduction when you know well you know um so so so so so so so so so so so so so um so okay people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully joyfully say I have the so well I mean so like you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know I mean best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd be best so ahead of my okay so you know so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay like okay time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see see see see see see see see see see see is me so um okay so like you know you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know um be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I I I I I I I I I I I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't even know how to start. It's I mean like so so um you know know know know know know know know know know know like well well so nice to be back again. It is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is coming up on spring time and I'm excited I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well you know so well so like okay okay about that because it's going to be be be be be be be be be be be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to um um you know well okay um well like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh say that I like cold weather, but I think I like like like like like like like like like like like warm every now and then you know um okay you know like well well well well well well well well well well well so you know okay you know and there's some big changes that are coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I well okay uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay like okay mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for for for for for for for for for for for quite some time okay you know well you know um like you know well well well well well well well well well well well like okay. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why why why why why why why why why why why it's a um um well I mean so uh um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely like like like like like like like like like like like well uh I mean okay so well uh um so making a little change. I I I I I I I I I I I would say little I guess but pretty big change in so well well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so you know so I mean you know life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those those those those those those those those those those those of you well I mean you know I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well so like uh who have been following the podcast for some time as as as as as as as as as as as speaking with Robert Keegan okay well I mean uh okay so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay Robert or Bob Keegan. It has it has it has it has it has has has has has has has has has has has it has it has it has it has it has it has a long long long long long long long long long long long history of working in the field so I mean um so so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so um uh of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you you you you you you you you you you you will be after okay um you know uh okay well you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay listening to this show. We do we do we do we do we we we we we we we we we we we do we do we do we do we do we do we do a kind of of of of of of of of of of of Action to his work an overview of like um uh you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean um the 5 stage model that he created created created created created created created created created created created and that has been studied empirically for the last okay well um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um uh I mean um 40 years. And the reason why I I I I I I I I I I I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan so well um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for for for for for for for for for for for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk uh um well well well well well well well well well well well like uh um you know you know you know like for you. And today today today today today today today today today today today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh so I mean like uh uh okay like do we mean by by by by by by by by by by by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh like so like us, you know, when I say say say say say say say say say say say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean um well okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um I mean I mean people like you people like like like like like like like like like like like me people who opted to become a doctor well okay I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well like like because of a sub. Conscious calling conscious calling conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an um okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know okay uh I mean well um easy profession. And I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you all were aware of it that we are opting okay well so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh you know you know uh um um for something which is a a a a a a a a a a a tough profession. We all had our you know, older I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean so I mean well uh brother or brother's friend or a a a a a a a a a a a senior. You all had somebody with a well okay okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh so so when we go home. We went to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now so so um I mean uh well well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean look the buzz. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so so so so so so so so so so so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited season 3 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 9. This episode was insane you guys you know I mean uh um so well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay so well I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but but but but but but but but but but but we'll see her back I mean like so okay so uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai b'nai Chatman. Oh my well like I mean I mean I mean uh um like like like like like like like like like like like well you know goodness. A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up so um um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know so you know you know well okay and down down down down down down down down down down down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know well um you know um uh so on this episode that that that that that that that that that that that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with so okay so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know um okay I mean well ish and Madison, which which which which which which which which which which which was interesting. It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was interesting seeing is back in so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well um you know uh so like so town. He's back for a a a a a a a a a a a little bit unfortunately has to go out to um I mean so uh um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh I mean um Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him him him him him him him him him him him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it it it it it it it it it it it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems you been. Having a hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard time sleeping. Why I mean okay okay um you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like so uh um uh I mean um so telling you you you you you you you you you you you you have to really focus on. Not trying not trying not trying not trying not not not not not not not not not not not trying not trying not trying not trying not trying not trying not trying to to to to to to to to to to to stay up like you know well uh uh I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay all the time, you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to to to to to to to to to to to sleep. You know that. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right right right right right right right right right right right it loves so well you know well um um um um um so so so so so so so so so so so and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished so uh you know uh uh uh you know like I mean uh it it it it it it it it it it it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so you know uh like I mean uh like episode of the real real real real real real real real real real real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening uh well um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay like your mind taking care of your body listening to your your your your your your your your your your your soul and cultivating like I mean like okay I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events Events Events Events Events Events Events Events Events Events Events will be like I mean you know well okay I mean like well uh okay your your your your your your your your your your your guides the real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh well like well so like like okay to be helping each other other other other other other other other other other other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by like um you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um you know you know understanding the power of why why is the the the the the the the the the the the foundation that will keep you going I mean I mean okay well okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um well uh you know okay well Simon Whistler. This This This This This This This This This This This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If like uh um like like like like like like like like like like like well so well okay well like you want to go look it up there there there there there there there there there there there and see the video version of okay I mean like you know so like like like like like like like like like like like well you know I mean I mean these you can do that. If you're enjoying this this this this this this this this this this this show. Please do head over to uh like like like uh so you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review review review review review review review review review review review. It would so well okay I mean like um so like you know well well well well well well well well well well well be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching like um um so so well um so okay uh top 10s. And in in in in in in in in in in in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 well okay well so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh like um uh horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the the the the the the the the the the the mafia so okay well okay uh well okay so so you know in America America America America America America America America America America America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know well like so so like okay okay of Pop Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like okay well you know I mean you know you know like Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are are are are are are are are are are are far from you know you know I mean uh you know so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous you know I mean you know uh well uh you know um well um friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the you know uh you know you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho. I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas I'm Thomas well I mean well like well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh like so. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing filing filing filing filing filing filing filing filing filing filing the kind of pattern so like um okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality and last week we talked like like you know you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like well about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about about about about about about about about about about about friendships and next week. We're talking okay uh okay okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um okay about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I I I I I I I I I I I believe you you know you know I mean you know um like okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is is is is is is is is is is is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition podcast you know I mean so so okay you know like well uh well with with with with with with with with with with with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so well you know so you know you know in in in in in in in in in in in in today's episode. I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want to mainly jump into the who who who who who who who who who who who what why when so so so well um okay uh okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let let let let let let let let let let let um I mean like like uh like you know okay I mean you know me me me me me me me me me me me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh um I mean you know like about 5 years now. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked I've worked I've worked I've worked in many different places. I started off at at at at at at at at at at at a nursing so you know well well uh so well well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working working working working working working working working working working working you know like like like um I mean uh well okay like at at at at at at at at at at at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which which which which which which which which which which which you know I mean uh um uh well so like um okay is really where where where where where where where where where where where I wanted to be I was able to sit with like like uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean uh so like people for longer periods of time time time time time time time time time time time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know so I mean I mean uh well um able to see each each each each each each each each each each each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well I mean um okay so so like well and you're working in in in in in in in in in in in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple uh I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know well like like um well I mean minutes in between the doctors. The patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients are really tired at this point because they've been here I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh well like well um I mean for a while and then I I I I I I I I I I I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over over over over over over over over over over over okay uh like well uh well um so like okay. This is a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here like so well well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay like so okay with my to co-host a one of us. One One One One One One One One One One One of our Coast couldn't make like well I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh you know so it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar what you just introduce yourself you know you know so you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean um uh first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? question question question question question question question question question question Okay. So you said you had to so you know um you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know well well well well co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes one of us the other um so um so uh you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your your your your your your your your your your your co-host your math I mean okay well uh you know I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like uh um I mean I mean um co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay well um so like like you know you know reading and friendship matter for women women women women women women women women women women women and how to make space in our lives for it I mean uh well okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh well like so. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder of well-read mom. My passion is to like I mean uh I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like well okay well like help women read more and read well and also to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage us to make like okay uh okay like so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join join join join join join join join join join join a group near you uh like um uh okay well like like um like like like like like like like like like like like visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay okay I mean so uh um Mom. Thank you so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to well uh like so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and and and and and and and and and and and leaders asked you know okay um like so like um like well um so we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so uh so like uh you know members this year and some some some some some some some some some some some of our leaders was can you help me understand like um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay well like the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and and and and and and and and and and and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and okay you know so uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so well well bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and and and and and and and and and and and we grew um okay okay you know uh like like uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still still still still still still still still still still still have so well you know um well well okay so uh like our own take on every every every every every every every every every every every situation and we're here coming at you live from um okay like you know um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay so like poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here we're here here here here here here here here here here here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here here here here here here here here here here here we're here coming at you not live from pooches basement okay you know well like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know so uh well door. Reflect on these situations with you you you you you you you you you you you. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy this episode of tv so so like like like like like like like like like like like like uh like I mean I mean I mean um and chill. Thanks for listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like so well well so I mean PB and chill in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh well like like uh so like um romantic relationships in college. The reason I I I I I I I I I I I want to do this particular episode okay okay well well like well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so well is because I had a dream I literally had had had had had had had had had had had a had a dream where I you know um you know like um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a a a a a a a a a a a I mean you know so like okay okay I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my my my my my my my my my my my goal with uh okay okay so you know um uh I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like okay you know um okay okay you know understand the complexities that that that that that that that that that that that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys so okay so um uh well well well well well well well well well well well like well so well and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there um okay you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um like uh you know was a time when I wasn't aware of of of of of of of of of of of the differences that came okay you know well um like uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh um from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of of of of of of of of of of of the okay I mean I mean I mean like so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries kids in Germany when uh like you know you know well I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so uh I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that that that that that that that that that that that those indefinable differences. I um I mean so um like okay well so so um um um um um um um um um um um hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me me me me me me me me me me me um well okay like uh you know okay you know uh um my my my my my my my my my my my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series series series series series series. The knowledge you know like um so you know so um I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the the the the the the the the the the the information that like okay like okay so um so like okay I mean I teach personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so well um so okay okay now at ask Greg dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video uh okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know like um well you know. I'm going to be talking to to to to to to to to to to to you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um uh um okay um I know there are lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of new people that discover my channel every day and every week um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um you know okay I mean okay uh and so the information can can can can can can can can can can can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan and you know um um um so okay so I mean I mean so Ashlee of of of of of of of of of of of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just um like um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like like like I mean you know filmed one podcast with one one one one one one one one one one one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from like you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know so like well well uh um taking from taking sides from Simply on on on on on on on on on on on purpose - we should ever on this podcast okay so okay I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well well so. So that's going to be on big little little little little little little little little little little little life right now. We have all of uh like well so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know okay um your emails. We're just we're just we're just we're just just just just just just just just just just just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just going to to to to to to to to to to to go through them answer them with our heart okay well well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh okay well. I'm really trying to answer these these these these these these these these these these these well for you guys down and I are so uh well well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like well just two normal people. Or and we have our own own own own own own own own own own own struggles. So we're just you know like I mean so okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean going to tell you what we would hope that we would do do do do do do do do do do do in these situations um you know you know I mean well so so like um um um um um um um um um um um okay. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what what what what what what what what what what what you know like like like okay so um like uh okay we have done done done done done done done done done done done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things like like like like like like like like like like like you know like I mean I mean so um well like well. We've learned in marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further like well okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay like okay okay um uh Ado, let's get started by do it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks of mine with the stuff from um so um okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um uh um um so I mean so uh a brand new episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode next week. But if you need something to tide so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well um um okay so you know you know you over until then there's another another another another another another another another another another another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know uh well so well like so you know letters and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith um uh well um um um um um um um um um um um uh so so well okay um Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the you know like so okay um okay uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh uh you know I mean okay like people people people people people people people people people people people grappling with the same question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so I mean um so you know okay so the story of a a a a a a a a a a a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her so like like you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay well so so you know young daughter to a new new new new new new new new new new new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well so you know you know so okay hear every episode of of of of of of of of of of of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury research like I mean uh so you know uh like um I mean okay and strategy. I I I I I I I I I I I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a um so so uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well I mean um regular basis. Now, let us start for for for for for for for for for for for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from you know um um like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know well well uh the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now now now now now now now now now now now essentially experiencing a round to hit in um um like you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh like terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation situation spread Beyond China into different uh so okay okay you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um okay well parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index index index index index index index index index index index it now you know well well like I mean uh I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how how how how how how how how how how how risk sentiment has evolved you know like um I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know okay to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning like so well well well well well well well well well well well you know well uh well you know uh well in and you're hearing this, thank you you you you you you you you you you you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting well um you know so uh well so so so so so so so so so so so um um like out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So So So So So So So So So So So I look forward to my um uh like so okay um like you know um um um um um um um um um um um well first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball um well uh you know uh so uh uh like I mean good dude, old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew um um so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so like I mean um up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear that story tomorrow and that's you know I mean so uh well uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well well episode 1 so let's get this together and do it it it it it it it it it it it. All right, if you're I mean you know like I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay uh listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show show show show show show show show show show show of the Hobbies um well well um uh I mean you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um G show number one episode one starring season one starring German German German German German German German German German German German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm well okay you know so um okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't why didn't why why why why why why why why why why why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no no no no no no no no no no no soliciting experience. I am your host and so so I mean um um well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um like ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real you know know know know know know know know know know know well um well like um well so you know okay what a joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke. Look listen, look listen, look listen, look listen, look listen, look listen, look look look look look look look look look look look listen, look listen, look listen, look listen, look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about funny um okay well like well uh you know so I mean so. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See See See See See See See See See See See what um um I mean you know well uh so well I mean so makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going going going going going going going going going going going like um I mean okay I mean so uh like well I mean to to to to to to to to to to to take you back to school. So take so take so take so take so take so take take take take take take take take take take take so take so take so take so take so take out a pen and paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper take some you know I mean like like okay like uh um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage. Fellas I mean I mean I mean so uh um well okay like um um um um um um um um um um um and ladies. She is she is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is she is a beast many of try to compete compete compete compete compete compete compete compete compete compete compete with her. Short story okay like um like okay um okay well uh okay they kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the like well you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay so well I mean um like trauma unscathed on the outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh I uh uh okay I mean I mean um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so okay was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships okay like well uh like well okay like uh um to decisions that I didn't make make make make make make make make make make make because of my fear was all because of this you know so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay well you know uh um uh 18 months of my life. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're like like I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so okay I mean you know tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we we we we we we we we we we we share stories and get like well you know well uh like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new new new new new new new new new new new insight new ways I mean I mean uh you know uh um so well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I I I I I I I I I I I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only only only only only only only only only only only and like I mean well uh well so okay like um you know should should should should should should should should should should should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed well well well well well well well well well well well like um like uh I mean uh so um uh by podcast participants are are are are are are are are are are are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of well you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know so uh I mean you know like RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or or or or or or or or or or or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast like so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know um well well you know or instructed not to make specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh um like you know like okay I mean that managed Futures commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk well okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so um uh I mean I mean of substantial losses as as as as as as as as as as as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh like okay well well okay to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where where where where where where where where where where where we dive into what makes alternative Investments well you know well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know uh. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund fund fund fund fund fund fund fund fund fund fund managers and chat with interesting guests I mean okay so I mean you know um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so well from across the investment World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is is is is is is is is is is is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is is is is is is is is is is is alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the the the the the the the the the the the pulse uh I mean I mean well you know so so so so you know know know know know know know know know know know podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven and and and and and and and and and and and so uh you know um um okay so well uh I mean chief strategy officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose our our our our our our our our our our our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose is is is is is is is is is is is to capture the pulse of um like you know I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well so um healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the the the the the the the the the the the Healthcare Community. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are you know so um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean I mean super excited to have Jack join us today today today today today today today today today today today. Jacques is a senior operating I mean I mean well so well um you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh like leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and and and and and and and and and and and design thinking seeking okay like like okay so well uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare companies uh so so well like I mean I mean well okay uh. Can you give give give give give give give give give give give us a brief summary of your career path today? And what were the uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like you know uh okay uh um um key career Transitions and decisions you you you you you you you you you you you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white white white white white white white white white white white death. This podcast um okay well okay okay okay I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um you know is all about life and all things that comes with it. This This This This This This This This This This This is a safe like uh I mean like you know like okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know so space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita I mean well uh so I mean well I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to to to to to to to to to to to love uh like um like like I mean uh uh well like gold and freedom with with with with with with with with with with with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well you know uh I mean well kinds of love. The love love love love love love love love love love love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love uh like okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay you know I mean we have for friends and the love we have have have have have have have have have have have for a significant other and uh you know uh well you know uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's not forget anything from you know I mean so so I mean like uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to to to to to to to to to to to be and you would also like you know you know um uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know so be talking about any kind of growth for me a a a a a a a a a a a career to a physical state to uh uh uh like um like you know um um um um um um um um um um um well you know your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the the the the the the the the the the the uh well so well um um uh you know well like word tantamount spelled ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an I mean um I mean you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay like like well adjective meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification signification signification signification signification signification signification signification signification signification signification used in a sentence so um uh well okay so okay okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know. His angry his angry his angry his angry his angry his angry his angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry his angry his angry his angry his angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of of of of of of of of of of of war tantamount comes from either like uh um I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much much much much much much much much much much much tantamount is not to like um I mean well I mean um so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and and and and and and and and and and and importance okay well well I mean so okay okay uh you know uh are impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, However, However, However, However, However, However, However, However, However, However, well um uh uh so like like okay well like both tantamount and Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up up up up up up up up up up up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going what's going what's going what's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm bringing you the first so okay like like I mean okay well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going going going going going going going going going going going to well uh so well um well you know so okay you know have have have have have have have have have have have some chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so so like like so um so e versus Romero. It's going going going going going going going going going going going down soon. You know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know what it is is is is is is is is is is is roll the music so okay so like okay like I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go go go go go go go go go go go ahead and so well you know I mean okay well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going going going going going going going going going going going it's going it's going it's going it's going on well I mean uh okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh um well so uh so well stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want want want want want want want want want want want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because because because because because because because because because because because of the heart of um you know well you know well um um you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to to to to to to to to to to to get a well uh like uh like okay well you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one of of of of of of of of of of of the uh uh I mean well you know okay uh I mean so you know track track track track track track track track track track track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So you know know know know know know know know know know know so so well I mean um well uh okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made um um um um um um um um um um um um you know like well um well okay okay well a podcast it was probably one one one one one one one one one one one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about uh so uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay I mean uh uh uh you know, your gym not being the best best best best best best best best best best best our today, you know, I think um uh um uh uh you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I I I I I I I I I I I made this uh you know you know I mean well uh uh well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups. And um like I mean okay you know you know okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this this this this this this this this this this this I mean um well I mean I mean you know um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so Rob he owns a gym. I believe I believe I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe it's called called called called called called called called called called called CrossFit rise again. I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I I I I I I I I I I I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize Rob like so so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um well uh uh if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot me a DM and you just uh um I mean you know so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um like like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this this this this this this this this this this this argument is pointless. I don't you know like uh um you know uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean get it. You should strive to do both like and he he he he he he he he he he he just didn't agree with it which so well um okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um was but he reached out to me and show me a a a a a a a a a a a DM and I do what so uh well uh uh like you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my my my my my my my my my my my position well uh okay I mean well okay you know well so um and you you you you you you you you you you you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a so uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know well so um so you know so few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're well I mean well you know I mean so like uh uh well going to to to to to to to to to to to find him. I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe in you at Sea find your your your your your your your your your your your father and we'll uh um uh like uh okay okay so um okay be a family family family family family family family family family family family again. All right. Close your close your close your close your close your close your your your your your your your your your your your close your close your close your close your close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own own own own own own own own own own own you know like okay well like like uh so uh so podcast piece of advice for for for for for for for for for for for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop okay well um um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um okay Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows it allows it allows it allows it allows it allows it allows it allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows it allows it allows it allows you to record and okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay like like well edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. It also distributes your podcast so well uh um you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize monetize you know okay so okay so um um so well um your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if podcast or something you're looking to to to to to to to to to to to get into download like um okay okay um you know you know like um um um um um um um um um um um um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started started started started started started started started started started started. Hey, well um um okay well um um uh so I mean welcome back. So So So So So So So So So So So been so been so been so been so been so been so been so been been been been been been been been been been been so been so been so been a couple days since I did my last podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as I mean um uh like you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay well as my last, you know update on this kind of of of of of of of of of of of coronavirus and all the things well well um okay like I mean um like you you you you you you you you you you you know like kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel could like well I mean okay okay well so uh like I mean almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay like okay like uh um well um you know, January 21st, when I kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of first started talking about it and so um I mean okay uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well um okay uh like and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is sponsored by glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care well so like so so so so so so so so so so so like um um so okay you know and much much more all of their products products products products products products products products products products products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed okay I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well well like um you know like and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday acts of life and to promote well well okay you know okay like um um um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent off your entire order use uh um okay like uh well uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please and please and and and and and and and and and and and please and please and please and please and please and please and please and please please please please please please please please please please please check out the link in the show well so so you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know well uh notes. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so okay so like you know uh I mean enough the pray more more more more more more more more more more more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um I mean uh like um the Lord's passion death and and and and and and and and and and and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um so um um I mean I mean you know I mean you can can can can can can can can can can can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 you know know know know know know know know know know know like well so like like well well well so. Total talks each talk comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh okay uh like okay uh uh podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is uh like well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so a creation tool that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from I mean I mean uh well uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you. So it so well okay like uh I mean um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you fourth you fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you you you you you you you you you you you fourth you can easily make okay um uh um like uh well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one one one one one one one one one one one place. Thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so so so so so so so so so so so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so um you know like like like like like like like like like like like like so okay uh so um you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money money money money money money money money money money money for any small business thinking of I mean you know like like uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so okay funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists capitalists be seized and uh like so uh like uh like uh you know so raise the funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean I mean well okay well I mean one episode of Shark Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, you know, it is based. Having a having a having a having a having having having having having having having having having having having a having a having a having a having a having a having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife um um um um um um um um um um um well well so so um well um you know uh show me Tori and and and and and and and and and and and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and like like like like like like like like like like like like you know like I mean so okay you know like like there's a a a a a a a a a a a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean uh well you know uh okay you know sound quality sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and I mean uh okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh um that is because I am currently in the middle of of of of of of of of of of of moving so I have packed okay I mean you know so uh so um um um um um um um um um um um like like um my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines and I'm in like well well I mean so you know um like okay um um um um um um um um um um um the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And And And And And And And And And And And so um well so well you know uh you know well like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um uh I mean okay uh okay you know to do this this this this this this this this this this this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay okay well uh you know um want to talk to you about about about about about about about about about about about just from my own personal experience for so so I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh um once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council you you you you you you you you you you you know well so you know you know I mean like well well you know for more more more more more more more more more more more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well I mean well so you know so so British Council dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance you know know know know know know know know know know know like well I mean like you know okay um you know um podcast this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and um well well well well well well well well well well well um okay so like I mean I mean you know so Beyond today today today today today today today today today today today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are are are are are are are are are are are all British Council colleagues okay well okay I mean you know so um um uh um um um um um um um um um um um from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked uh uh okay you know well like um well so so to the language assistance program program program program program program program program program program program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so well I mean okay so um you know working on the team. So So So So So So So So So So So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your so like like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well so well uh well base and what team you are are are are are are are are are are are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm well uh well like like um um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know okay Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like like you know you know like like I mean so on patreon? patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now so um um um um um um um um um um um you know um so uh uh uh like like hosted on anchor which by by by by by by by by by by by the way is like the easiest way to well okay you know well um um um um um um um um um um um well okay like you know um make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, and there's our creation tool so so you know like you know so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like okay that allows you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or uh um well you know like uh uh well um you you you you you you you you you you you know computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify okay um um so uh I mean well um so so Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like well uh so well so you know like your podcast anchor Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you you you you you you you need to make a well okay I mean like so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app well so so uh well okay I mean so so okay or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay okay you know uh um you know so I mean for the the the the the the the the the the the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so you know like like like so March for 2020. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I like so okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know well well um I mean well fucked up this morning. I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't have enough time to do it our well well like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well uh okay um uh at night last night and this morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't um uh like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so like I mean have enough time to do it in in in in in in in in in in in the morning. Like I used to kind well okay like okay okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well so well uh of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on on on on on on on on on on on my motherfucking lunch um like well like so like okay okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host every night you know like I mean okay okay um um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be be be be be be be be be be be you know so okay okay like um um you know uh um talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital you know you know uh you know uh um uh okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an an an an an an an an an an an existing okay like I mean okay um well well so you know well well well well well well well well well well well property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know I mean uh like I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It It It It It It It It It It It requires I mean uh okay okay okay I mean so I mean well um significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like uh so uh I mean so um um we necessarily budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs like um uh so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean okay uh so you know to happen if every couple of months, so so so so so so so so so so so I not months every couple of you know I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean like well decades and this is actually a concept that has has has has has has has has has has has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back back back back back back back back back back back it you know you know like um uh okay okay I mean um um is is is is is is is is is is is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not not not not not not not not not not not on account of you know like well you know uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I I I I I I I I I I I have been working really really so uh like you know um okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh well hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we we we we we we we we we we we are I mean well you know so um like well okay like like in South South South South South South South South South South South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat you know so so so so so so so so so so so well like like I mean like like well um us in a few days days days days days days days days days days days. It's one of our good friends. It's her um so like uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and and and and and and and and and and and some so um you know I mean you know um okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean uh so I mean um uh was like like like like like like like like like like like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that well you know know know know know know know know know know know like um well um you know um okay I mean I can unplug a little little little little little little little little little little little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay uh um like friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my oh my oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my my my my my my my gosh, I am super like well you know you know I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um well well okay excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in in in in in in in in in in in the making for years like you know like so uh I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um okay like. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it it it it it it it it it it it down in my okay so like I mean okay well uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow I I I I I I I I I I I allow I allow I allow I allow I allow I allow I allow I I I I I I I I I I I allow I allow I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay uh um um I mean um so well series. The knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well uh like so uh um uh the information that I teach personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting um uh well like well well well well well well well well well well well like uh I mean um um your eggs available now at ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth okay you know I mean okay um well well well well well well well well well well well well like um so. I'm coach Margaret. And today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh so uh like like you know of you guys out out out out out out out out out out out there believe in soul mates. Some of some of some of some of some of some some some some some some some some some some some of some of some of some of some of some of you don't some some some some some some some some some some some of okay uh well so you know I mean so like so uh you you you you you you you you you you you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like you know like I mean like don't but today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well um so so like you know I mean well I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going going going going going going going going going going going what's going what's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and so like so so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so I mean this episode we're going to do a little little little little little little little little little little little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going like uh I mean uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so okay uh to do a little bit of challenging our view view view view view view view view view view view on luck. So I hope you um like well uh uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where where where where where where where where where where where you are just um well okay so uh I mean um well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in so like like like like like like like like like like like so so uh like well so I mean you know the sun just baking in in in in in in in in in in in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay you know I mean well okay you know of a a a a a a a a a a a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting um I mean um um uh okay so I mean um uh out in front front front front front front front front front front front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right okay like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh you know I mean after the winter time. Right? Like right when when when when when when when when when when when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing uh um uh so well so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just just just just just just just just just just just miserable and I mean you know um you know okay okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so uh like like uh okay I mean you know course you do. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean you know uh you know own own own own own own own own own own own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world world world world world world world world world world world I mean like okay like uh you know uh um so you know. There's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make well uh uh um okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the the the the the the the the the the the creative tools. You'll need to record okay um um uh uh um like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even um um um um um um um um um um um like okay I mean I mean well uh you know you know um better better better better better better better better better better better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or or or or or or or or or or or I mean uh uh I mean I mean uh you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make make a okay okay uh um like well well like well like podcast all in one one one one one one one one one one one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor you know know know know know know know know know know know um well okay um okay you know I mean you know well app or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith like like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean so so like you know like I mean for the next next next next next next next next next next next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down you know okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like so I mean okay and buckle up because we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always like you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so okay okay okay pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of of of of of of of of of of of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua uh I mean um well um um well well well well well well well well well well well so so like Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and and and and and and and and and and and how the other well um you know so like so uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it it it it it it it it it it it was Right that so you know I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well so like um we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for for for for for for for for for for for the third segment, we're going I mean uh you know okay uh well um like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians all just uh like so you know um okay well you know well like like like like like like like like like like like lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want want want want want want want want want want want to hear okay well so um okay uh okay well I mean like on on on on on on on on on on on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy natural English with Liam. How are uh so I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean um you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well so far. Yeah, it's like uh I mean um you know um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well been a good day. I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording this from Hawaii. But But But But But But But But But But But actually I'm going to uh I mean you know like so like um well well well well well well well well well well well well um schedule this episode. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so so so so so so so so so so so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll record record record record record record record record record record record it and then I'll save it to come out like I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay um so um so later because I will be traveling back to to to to to to to to to to to Japan. So yeah, if you were uh I mean well I mean um well so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii while uh I mean so I mean okay uh you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan. So uh like uh so so I mean I mean like like okay this one one one one one one one one one one one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean well okay um you know um you know airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the what's the what's the what's the what's the what's the what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's the what's the what's the what's the what's the first word that comes to mind when when when when when when when when when when when you hear forest and environment trees so um so you know like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so so so so so so so so so so so on Essentials biodiversity like like I mean so um well um so okay like like like like like like like like like like like. Those are those are those are those are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those those those those are those are those are those are what some people think about Forest, but do we we we we we we we we we we we really know about it? so like um okay I mean well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and and and and and and and and and and and get your hand. India's uh okay well I mean like I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When When When When When When When When When When When we when we when we when we when we when we when we when when when when when when when when when when when we when we when we when we hear the word science, okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay um you know uh um uh um we often think about equations and a a a a a a a a a a a technical approach to problem solving this podcast series you know uh uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean okay so well aimed to go beyond number by looking at the the the the the the the the the the the science of Forestry agroforestry and so I mean like you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh like Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to to to to to to to to to to to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they they they they they they they they they they they were all together in one place suddenly uh okay so so well well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven and filled the whole well well like like like uh you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of so so so so so so so so so so so so like you know uh uh okay well okay like fire that separated and came came came came came came came came came came came to rest on each of them. All of them I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um I mean um I mean like were filled with the Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean um okay you know like okay the spirit enabled them. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now there now there now there now there now there now there now there now there there there there there there there there there there there now there now there now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every every every every every every every every every every every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I if I if I if I if I if I if I if if if if if if if if if if if I if I if I if I can start a dude shit, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know um so like well I found out that they did did did did did did did did did did did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I um well um uh um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I wonder I mean like I mean so so um uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for for for for for for for for for for for it. Dude. I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in in in in in in in in in in in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in like uh so so you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like uh I mean Mac side of wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so so so so so like okay you know would you fuck me up up up up up up up up up up up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've like well well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so um uh well so guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that that that that that that that that that that that shit and guess um I mean well you know so um like well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um uh um so like so uh fries. They They They They They They They They They They They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know so I mean I mean okay okay I mean so appreciate what what what what what what what what what what what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well well uh I mean so I mean okay you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast series is I mean uh I mean you know like well so you you you you you you you you you you you know like um based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the the the the the the the the the the the Pentecostal Publishing House uh so I mean like okay um I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you you you you you you you you you you you uh well so uh I mean well you know so I mean so grow in in in in in in in in in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him so uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean I mean like uh well I mean. Remember your daily devotion matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh well uh I mean be reading from number 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora uh um well you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean um you know you know here. Now you sons of Levi it it it it it it it it it it it is a small thing to you that the well like I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay you know so well god of Israel has separated you you you you you you you you you you you from the congregation of Israel to bring you so I mean like okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you did you did you did you did you did you did you did did did did did did did did did did did you did you did you did you know the average Americans behind I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like uh uh so I mean you know you know on on on on on on on on on on on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and and and and and and and and and and and invest uh so uh um like I mean I mean well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience you you you you you you you you you you you know like so so well like well you know uh I mean exactly how you you you you you you you you you you you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on you know know know know know know know know know know know um um uh I mean okay I mean I mean so uh or before the age age age age age age age age age age age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have okay um okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean I mean been married for nine years years years years years years years years years years years had three boys and earn four degrees combined okay so uh uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so so um with no student loan debt and have taken our household household household household household household household household household household household income from zero to okay um well um uh um like well well so so so so so so so so so so so over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite okay I mean okay so uh I mean so okay like um you you you you you you you you you you you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that uh like um like like like like like like like like like like like uh well well like you know like you can use to get started on your your your your your your your your your your your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come um um um um um um um um um um um okay um so so well uh so um okay from. I'm Ben Pereira and and and and and and and and and and and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative um um well you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um so okay uh agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative people in advertising media well okay so you know like I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh well publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little little little little little little little little little little little bit of a you know so uh like you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well so black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations. We hope these okay well um I mean uh so okay so well um um um um um um um um um um um conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh so um like so industrialized and more service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well so uh I mean so you know part of of of of of of of of of of of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um I mean uh well so so so okay with incorporate constraints and still still still still still still still still still still still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh okay I mean okay uh well okay how to tap into our own own own own own own own own own own own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about you know so like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like uh I mean um ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy. You like okay well I mean so uh okay so well like are of course course course course course course course course course course course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean I mean like so okay to finally I feel like like like like like like like like like like like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from uh so like so so so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean um um What's the what's the book about the the the the the the the the the the the white way? I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel like I've caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught the white whale like well um you know okay well you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us us us us us us us us us us us. So well, thank so I mean so so uh well uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you. So good so good so good so good so good so good good good good good good good good good good good so good so good so good so good so good to finally have have have have have have have have have have have you alone? How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um like um um well yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when I when when when when when when when when when when when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I I I I I I I I I I I say that we need more voices in like like okay I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know so like uh well the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and and and and and and and and and and holding fast to well so uh like so I mean like so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before you you you you you you you you you you you know um um you know I mean so so I mean um uh our eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to to to to to to to to to to so um so well well like like so I mean you know start start start start start start start start start start start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean you know okay well well so so you know haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me I mean like well um okay okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know like um explain it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your well like like uh like so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know uh podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So okay well okay so uh well well so okay like it can can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make make make make make make make make make make make so like um you know uh uh so well like um some money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a so well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well like you know uh so well podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so so so so if so if so if you're interested download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or or okay like well um okay so well okay you know um go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like so okay you know okay well um take a moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having okay well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know I mean I mean well okay you know a a a a a a a a a a a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well well you know like like I mean you know um there there there there there there there there there there there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or um okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh well uh so so so those who were in The Game of of of of of of of of of of of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well you know you know uh I mean uh to handle things things things things things things things things things things things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean you know uh so you know well well going to to to to to to to to to to to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying okay like like like like like like like like like like like so like okay like you know I mean uh okay some truth out there for for for for for for for for for for for you to give it some thought as you enter a uh like I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean um so like diet or if you are in the middle of of of of of of of of of of of a diet or even a contest prep um I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh so okay and as the title says what is an Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Exit Plan. I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here here to talk about anchor why because it's the well you know uh well so so so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay so easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one one one one one one one one one one one. It's free. It's uh so um uh um uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's but let's but let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's but let's but let's but let's but let's but let's but let's but but but but but but but but but but but let's but let's go on there's creation tools like uh well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from from your phone like uh you know I mean so like um you know um um um um um um um um um um um like or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be be be be be be be be be be be heard on so you know I mean you know uh so uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay you know I mean so so um like like um like is on on on on on on on on on on on. I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never never never never never never never never never never never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with you know uh like like so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well well no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need need need need need need need need need need need you need you need you need you need you need you need you need need need need need need need need need need need you need to make a podcast in one place like okay okay okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Well, I'm like like okay well you know so okay like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go go I mean so well uh like um uh like like um to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The The The The The The The The The The The True Crime like um like so well I mean well well so uh cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining us um um um um um um um um um um um um okay like uh well you know like um you know. We can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay like so so well um so listeners. Hey y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all. So before so before so before so before so before so before so before before before before before before before before before before before so before so before so before so before we get started today, I wanted to to to to to to to to to to to well well I mean well you know okay I mean um like okay take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things so so so so so so so so so so so like you know you know I mean so so okay like so well, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like uh like okay uh I mean you know kids do would be be be be be be be be be be be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this household okay well well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know okay so I mean um you know and this this this this this this this this this this this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk like like like like like like like like like like like okay um I mean so well like like like um on it not run on it it it it it it it it it it it now jump on it and dance on it uh uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay I mean like. Do not do not do not do do do do do do do do do do do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not not not not not not not not not not not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh like like like well you know you catch them doing it because because because because because because because because because because because they know they're not supposed to but they just well okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know so uh can't help themselves, but do a little little little little little little little little little little little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you so I mean so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know okay catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it it it it it it it it it it it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I um um um um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um um um um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I mean you know like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh um um was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we we we we we we we we we we we are near like like um so like I mean okay okay I mean okay appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand you understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand you understand you understand you understand you understand you understand you understand you understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand you understand you understand well uh um uh so uh okay you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just just just just just just just just just just just out like uh I mean okay like okay you know um like um here trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know so so so so so so so so so so so so like like you know um so like okay okay. No, we no, we no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we no, we no, we no, we no, we no, we no, we no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we no, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about about about about about about about about about about about I mean like um well well you know um uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well it discussion. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, first we go talk about the the the the the the the the the the the so-called coronavirus one um uh um um I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide wide world. Just you know um so like so well I mean like uh um not not not not not not not not not not not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your your your your your your your your your your your well you know um so like well so well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh host development Ronnie. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am the founder of a a a a a a a a a a a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform um like well um um well um well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me me me me me me me me me me me you know I mean so okay um okay you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me me me me me me me me me me me or a you know I mean okay okay okay uh okay okay okay I mean leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from you you you you you you you you you you you know well like uh okay so okay okay you know like a boutique investment and and and and and and and and and and and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal like so so well well well well well well well well well well well so um like like you know so counsel who's day-to-day duties and through through through through through through through through through through through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well well okay like uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know I mean um okay as attending to any legal governance governance governance governance governance governance governance governance governance governance governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder well like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh so um okay of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your your your your your your your your your hosts. I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby and I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um like okay okay um you know um I'm Erica today. I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder well well like so well like like like like like like like like like like like so you know you know uh of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a a a a a a a a a a a shot of espresso and let's Dive In um okay well well well uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near like I mean okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay okay uh like Anaheim at the time of our story story story story story story story story story story story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean so so well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean you know um I mean is for Sean's father. Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis is dennis is dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri at you know uh um I mean well okay okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before so before so before so before so before so before so so so so so so so so so so so before so before so before so before so before we jump into the interview, I have have have have have have have have have have have three questions for you that we um well you know like so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay so ask all our guest speakers. So number number number number number number number number number number number one, what are three words that you would uh like so um um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay um um okay use to describe yourself three and I have to to to to to to to to to to to just narrow it down to three like so you know so I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well okay like um strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a a a a a a a a a a a dad joke I you know um like like okay well um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that well well well well well well well well well well well um okay well okay I mean so well okay I mean way but here's my try try try try try try try try try try try. So why did the dad know that? His baby his baby his baby his his his his his his his his his his his baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his his his his his his his his his his his baby okay well I mean um I mean well like okay okay you know daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what what what what what what what what what what what is um you know I mean I mean um okay well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is so you you you you you you you you you you you know well like I mean uh um you know okay uh possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give give give give give give give give give give give you know uh I mean I mean you know well you know well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of of of of of of of of your favorite artists like okay okay well you know I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has has has has has has has has has has has so you know okay you know like um like okay well okay a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right you know know know know know know know know know know know like um I mean you know um well well uh uh now and you you you you you you you you you you you can follow those podcast. So you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode you you you you you you you you you you you um you know you know um like um you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um well can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you you you you you you you you you you you are a you know um well uh you know you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter where uh okay I mean like like so okay so you know um you are are are are are are are are are are are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify so so so so so so so so so so so so okay like so well you know I mean I mean okay app search search search search search search search search search search search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean well um well well well you know give us a a a a a a a a a a a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean you know you know I mean you know uh see see see see see see see see see see see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is optimal relationships daily episode um well well you know so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of of of of of of of of of of of um so so um well okay uh so you know I mean them out out out out out out out out out out out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute so well um uh um like I mean I mean uh okay IP's, that's the the the the the the the the the the the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know uh okay I mean so well um swords from the jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast like you know um um um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay like I am your host old head. Once again again again again again again again again again again again. Thank you for joining. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for tuning in in in in in in in in in in in. Appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the the the the the the the the the the the like like um um I mean like so um well um table each each each each each each each each each each each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing so well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know um um um you know you know like the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean um I mean okay you know well to safety and housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in um uh uh okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so um okay the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the uh you know like so so uh like like like like like like like like like like like so uh like University of the west of England. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying media um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean you know you know so okay so and journalism at at at at at at at at at at at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um so okay okay so okay impact of the withdrawal from the EU EU EU EU EU EU EU EU EU EU EU on the student population? Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I understand from you you you you you you you you you you you know like like uh so okay so um like so what I understand from for for for for for for for for for for for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know I mean uh necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been been been been been been been been been been been very proactive. I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching out out out out out out out out out out out and from um okay uh um um you know so well like well the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven. I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I mean so okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um so I mean a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and and and and and and and and and and and this podcast is all about Hope well uh like um okay well you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward I mean like okay um okay uh like okay well like to sharing with you you you you you you you you you you you a conversation. I had I had I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We We We We We We We We We We We were talking I mean so uh okay uh you know like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them them them them them them them them them them them to so I mean I mean okay I mean you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living living living living living living living living living living living with complex trauma and so okay um you know uh uh uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off off off off off off off off off off off you know okay okay um okay okay you know okay so um with our our our our our our our our our our our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before so before so before so so so so so so so so so so so before so before so before so before so before so before so before so so so so so so so so so so so before we move on okay like uh you know I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh to some of the events that are happening, I think think think think think think think think think think think maybe we should talk about I mean I mean uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like you know mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I you know well so okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well know you were I thought you want to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us a bit about us. Oh, uh okay you know um well you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh like you know yeah, so there was a an M un conference in in in in in in in in in in in Wellesley College Dublin for well uh so so I mean um um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it it it it it it it it it it it was very successful and um you know so like uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um um like you know un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing standing standing standing standing standing standing standing standing standing standing delegates well okay well um uh so you know okay uh um and they they they they they they they they they they they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I um so okay you know so uh so well well well well well well well well well well well well um was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was was was was was was was was was was was you know well like okay you know well um uh uh like really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus of you know so well okay I mean um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston. I I mean uh like okay uh so like so so you you you you you you you you you you you know also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American American American American American American American American American American American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today um um like so you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well you know. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become so okay so uh so okay well so you know know know know know know know know know know know well an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine uh um well okay okay uh um you know um like clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that that that that that that that okay like um uh you know well I mean so well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you you you you you you you you you you you so so uh so um you know uh um um well doing? I'm good good good good good good good good good good good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 okay you know uh well so so so so so so so so so so so you know well okay um well March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. Yeah. I felt really like I mean so you know um uh okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did did did did did did did did did did did you know well so uh so well well um you know um you ask me to to to to to to to to to to to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with so you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay like like like okay uh um the kid whose dad his birthday was was was was was was was was was was was that we'd always teased that he I mean you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know you know um had his dad was only like 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of well okay so I mean um like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well I mean that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years Years Years Years Years Years Years Years Years Years Years of Living that's how I mean okay well um okay like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they they they they they they they they they they they celebrate it um so so well well like like so like like on the 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not that's not that's not that's not that's not not not not not not not not not not not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not their birthday. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's it's uh you know uh um um well um okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey well, hey well, hey well, hey well, hey well, hey well, hey well, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey well, hey well, hey well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man man man man man man man man man man man. I thought okay well well well okay like so well okay well you were leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I so um so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay you know you know you know know you did too too too too too too too too too too too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean like well you know you know guess we'll guess we can use use use use use use use use use use use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, like anyways, like anyways, like like like like like like like like like like like anyways, like anyways, like anyways, like anyways, like anyways, like anyways, like anyways, like anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, like like so um well you know um I mean so like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? again again again again again again again again again again Just the tea um okay so well I mean you know okay well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just talk just talk just talk just talk just talk just talk just talk just talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk just talk just talk just talk about whatever's um well you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay you know uh well two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I I I I I I I I I I I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee okay uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean well uh so. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like coffee that much like um so so you know I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, you know I mean uh uh like well so um uh well well well well well well well well well well well it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you you you you you you you you you you you like I mean well like I mean um I mean I mean okay uh for for for for for for for for for for for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so well you know I mean like I mean okay sense. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, what well, what well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the the the the the the the the the the the um uh well you know uh so you know I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do do do do do do do do do do do um you know I mean uh um like uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the so okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh like uh well okay like tea guys, but then we're just two two two two two two two two two two two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us um you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well you know so to look at Romans chapter 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with well like okay well well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know um Theology and interesting thoughts and just just just just just just just just just just just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay okay so um I mean I mean time and Romans chapter 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing I mean uh so well you you you you you you you you you you you know um so okay okay uh with our sexuality. We're dealing we're dealing we're dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing we're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um I mean okay like I mean law of God really written written written written written written written written written written written on the human heart no matter where they're at you know um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well well you know you know um you know. No matter where they've grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown up or what they've heard all their lives and I mean uh well so so so so so so so so so so so so so well okay so like it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the the the the the the the the the the the ways that we can act basically well you know okay um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so well you know in sin and have a depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like I mean um like well uh well uh like like Hawk and and and and and and and and and and and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there you you you you you you you you you you you know like like you know um well you know uh you know okay and and and and and and and and and and and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over over over over over over over over over over over okay you know uh I mean okay you know uh I mean um like the Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was well okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um uh like uh well going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would would would would would would would would would would would agree. We all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all know about that line line line line line line line line line line line and well well well I mean I mean so like so well you know how it it it it it it it it it it it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I talked myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself um well well like like well you know I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus 11 so you know you know okay well um I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like I mean like so you know okay I mean. That's not not not not not not not not not not not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not not not not not not not not not not not that's not that's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and and and and and and and and and and and I cannot express like well I mean so I mean I mean I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few uh so so so so so so so so so so so so uh like um you know like I mean okay episodes with you. I'm sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and and and and and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking well um you know uh okay well okay uh like you know mental health. This This This This This This This This This This This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean okay you know so okay you know we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so like well okay it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial And Timely to discuss the issues um okay like um okay so like uh well um um um um um um um um um um um surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire um um um uh well like you know like well like session. It was was was was was was was was was was was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so um um so well you know I mean like and we couldn't agree listen to it it it it it it it it it it it on the speakers on here. So we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we put it okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh okay well I mean like I mean so onto my laptop to see see see see see see see see see see see what it sounded like and there's these little better I mean um um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know like well um at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we we we we we we we we we we we don't know if this is recording um you know uh so uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um you know actually has any so we're just going to apologize in in in in in in in in in in in advanced and hope that so so um like so you know like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're families to feed. Let's I mean okay uh uh um okay like like so so so so so so so so so so so well roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world world world world world world world world world world world where like uh so you know like well okay so like um two boys talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't so don't so don't so so so so so so so so so so so don't so don't so don't so don't so don't so don't so don't so so so so so so so so so so so don't miss out on your chance of getting well you know so um um um um um um um um um um um so like so uh uh well in there. Most of you are great and and and and and and and and and and and amazing you just lack the you know I mean um uh okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright enough to be um well uh I mean uh so okay like so uh hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired twice I mean uh okay like uh um uh okay you know I mean by by by by by by by by by by by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so you know uh you know um I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of of of of of of of of of of of McKinsey and 10 okay okay well so I mean I mean so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go go go go go go go go go go go well so I mean well um well like uh okay like in here and and and and and and and and and and and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um you know well like like cool bunch of people are are are are are are are are are are are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our our our our our our our our our our our act um well well well so okay like okay uh okay together before the work week week week week week week week week week week week. It includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it it it it it it it it it it it includes it includes it includes it includes the kids because we really enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy our time I mean you know well I mean like uh like well so like like like like like like like like like like like off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things things things things things things things things things things things well I mean okay like um you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given given given given given given given given given given given I mean you know um you know like so I mean okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh I mean okay like so uh so to be done done done done done done done done done done done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches like like like like like like like like like like like like um so well like okay okay uh I mean. Etc it's it's just a reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder that we gotta get back to work and school so um like okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean like I mean tomorrow morning. I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh you know like you know okay so um i you you you you you you you you you you you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys you guys you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you you you you guys you guys can't like okay okay you know you know so well well well well well well well well well well well well so uh even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I I I I I I I I I I I don't think they uh like well well okay like okay well you know like really do do do do do do do do do do do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn about the definite um okay okay okay okay okay like well um um article article article article article article article article article article article in this video. Now. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you guys did not watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch my other video so okay well like uh so okay um like um about about about about about about about about about about about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean um you know well well okay you know in English English English English English English English English English English English. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have three articles. I know that there are some some some some some some some some some some some languages like um like so you know so like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at at at at at at at at at at at all I mean you know like like I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are are are are are are are are are are are languages like German that so you know you know like okay okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh has I think three different kinds not just like articles but but but but but but but but but but but kinds and for you know I mean um um uh like um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally the the the the the the the the the the the like okay well well uh well um okay uh uh easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely like so well okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay okay I mean like love love love it. Love it Robert tell the the the the the the the the the the the people I anchor so great you know well okay well um you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean one. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free free free free free free free free free free free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free love free free free free free free free free free free free big plus when it's free to you can only record um you know uh uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay okay and edit your podcast or you can upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also okay I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like so uh so okay you know um distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher I mean um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay you know Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they they they they they they they they they they they will be short and on top so uh okay so well like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free and you know so so well like uh uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will will will will will will will will will will will so so okay like okay like well okay um so automatically match your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum like um well you know know know know know know know know know know know so um um I mean okay well amount of listeners required super simple to get get get get get get get get get get get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to to to to to to to to to to to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh I mean you know uh well the summer house after show we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice um you know um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay like um. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, do we have a lot okay uh okay I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well um so to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff to you know well okay well you know um so you know well well talk about about about about about about about about about about about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um I mean uh uh like okay um and I've got some fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun engagement news. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you'll have to to to to to to to to to to to wait to the uh I mean uh so well okay uh well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay okay okay uh like like okay we'll end it off off off off off off off off off off off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week uh um okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so well okay and maybe the rest of the season but but but but but but but but but but but let us get started. So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are are are are are are are are are are are going um I mean like like uh well uh I mean so well to be be be be be be be be be be be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well you know well you know so well I mean and what it it it it it it it it it it it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week so so uh like like like like like like like like like like like um um okay like so so but Ali my co-host and we will go through through through through through through through through through through through talk about what matters at each like um I mean um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like so well well position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and and and and and and and and and and and what their potential um um you know so I mean like uh well well well well well well well well well well well so you know options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then then then then then then then then then then then also what's important like so um like um I mean I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like like that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean uh so um like so class has to offer we will will will will will will will will will will will be going Each position group one by one okay so uh um well um um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean okay in the Box. The draft has that it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks to be a major um um so like like well um okay so so so so so so so so so so so like part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard so much about um okay I mean so like okay I mean so well um um um um um um um um um um um anyway. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to and give well like I mean so uh I mean uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um so us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean I mean you know so so so this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people so so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh so um well okay may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for for for for for for children under 13 on an eerie, uh you know okay so I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh I mean October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is like okay uh okay okay um like uh okay so at at at at at at at at at at at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm so okay well I mean you know I mean um you know so so so so so so so so so so so like were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean well like well um like you know sees us watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn uh um um um um um um um um um um um so um well I mean well you know um I mean. Please have you seen my my my my my my my my my my my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh um like okay uh sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were were were were were were were were were were were just here. I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know she was studying here. But your your your your your your your your your your your but your but your but your but your but your but your but your your your your your your your your your your your but your but your but your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness listener um okay uh so I mean like okay so okay I mean discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay so so well uh you know asleep by now now now now now now now now now now now. His mother his mother his mother his mother his mother his mother his mother his mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother his mother his mother his mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, you know um so like like um I mean I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled okay uh okay so like um um uh like so the covers over his head head head head head head head head head head head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would like well uh so well like like like like like like like like like like like so um well I mean leave him be all he had to to to to to to to to to to to do was steady his breathing stay very still well like um okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like okay okay and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in in in in in in in in in in in his ears as the okay um like so uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can can can can can can can can can can can oh, can oh, can oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix fit to give our well I mean uh well um you know so so okay you you you you you you you you you you you know yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again again again again again again again again again again again when milk has come well uh uh um well uh okay like so you you you you you you you you you you you know out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood I mean so so you know I mean well so well you know like in in in in in in in in in in in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom your mom your mom your your your your your your your your your your your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom your mom will join to well well so like well well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's almond so you know you know uh okay like uh um okay okay produce milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk. What breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what what what what what what what what what what what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells Smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good good good good good good good good good good good smells good smells good smells good doesn't matter coconut you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know so well uh well you know um so milk is a thing. No No No No No No No No No No No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut so I mean like uh um um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay well water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I I I I I I I I I I I don't know why like well like like so like okay you know uh I mean people people people people people people people people people people people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean like you know you know uh like so I mean it's disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know so like I mean like um I mean um I'm a problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well well um I mean been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way like like like like like like like like like like like like so so I mean uh um like you know uh to get you going. All All All All All All All All All All All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F so uh well um um um um um um um um um um um like well you know you know you know I mean m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started started and you know what? It's totally free just download the um so you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh uh I mean uh um um free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on on on on on on on on on on on your I mean so you know okay uh you know like well well so way way way way way way way way way way way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you you you you you you you you you you you want uh I mean like I mean um uh like like okay um to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you like like like like like like like like like like like well well well I mean like well so uh I mean want to make it it it it it it it it it it it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, so so like like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean um I mean well so go to the get the the the the the the the the the the the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean well well you know uh on your way. Good morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about I'm about about about about about about about about about about about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about about about about about about about about about about about I'm about I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's I mean well uh I mean so um uh okay uh uh loss at at at at at at at at at at at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well um um uh I mean so um so 11 ahead of of of of of of of of of of of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone well like you know know know know know know know know know know know so well um so well um uh senior technically could be the last game game game game game game game game game game game for Scotty. Louis could be the okay um like you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh I mean last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going going going going going going going going going going going to graduate with honors High honors, you know well like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um so so um okay I think in In the spring which is fantastic really really really really really really really really really really really happy for him or like okay so so you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it. You uh well uh so uh so I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This This This This This This This This This This This is uh so so so well um like well so I mean March. Now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this our this our this our our our our our our our our our our our this our this our this our this our this our this our this our this this this this this this this this this this this week I mean uh okay like uh like like um um I mean is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use we use we use use use use use use use use use use use we use we use we use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we we we we we use to bring you this podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based based based based based based um okay so um um I mean you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the well well well well well well well well well well well well uh well um well like uh okay uh Pentecostal Publishing House and youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well like you know um uh I mean you grow in your personal relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with so okay like like you you you you you you you you you you you know so so you know well you know him. Remember your daily devotion matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will okay I mean like uh um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well you know okay be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 have mercy on me O like you know well like you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste away with grief. Yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my my my my my my my my my my my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my soul well uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know so um okay like I mean okay and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well well like okay like I mean like I mean matter to you you you you you you you you you you you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for for for for for for for for for for for okay well well uh you know um well like uh um tuning in with us us us us us us us us us us us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the well uh so I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um um like show before hold on to your floppy hats and get get get get get get get get get get get ready for the you know okay I mean well um uh um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your your your your your your your your your your your rescue well I mean okay well okay you know um I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto like like like like like like like like like like like well um uh well like I mean uh so well who has brought you issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues. Like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're going to unpack the racist tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets tweets from 2010 um well like um I mean you know okay like like so so so so so so so so so so so that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Klux uh um um so like you know like I mean okay um Klan. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're also we're also we're also we're also we're also we're also we're also we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're also we're also we're also we're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 who goes deep well uh um um so so um like um so to to to to to to to to to to to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the uh like like like like like like like like like like like like like well like you know um I mean you know first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, Frank Bush welcome to the the the the the the the the the the the podcast. How you doing, my well okay like you know like I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having having having having having having having having having having having me. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I appreciate like you know so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like you know you know you taking the time. It's been a little little little little little little little little little little little while since we've chatted. So what have you well okay so um well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so well well been up to since your retirement from USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA swimming? But Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but but but but but but but but but but but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty and I my wife like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh well you know well so you know you know well decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we we we we we we we we we we we you know you know um so uh I mean uh so well um would would would would would would would would would would would move back to Tucson. And so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so and so and so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh um so well so well um a little better at life. I I I I I I I I I I I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode like um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay I mean you know you know. I'm going to to to to to to to to to to to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more okay um you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean um so to come on that in a moment. But But But But But But But But But But But first but first but first but first but first but first but first but first first first first first first first first first first first but first but first but first let's settle in with the sound I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay uh I mean okay well of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting um well well so so like like like like like like like like like like like like well okay so and or just too big to tackle that some people people people people people people people people people people people have a seem um so I mean uh you know um um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or or or or or or or or or or or leave it podcast. I'm so I mean like okay well well uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Jordan. What's you know like uh like like like you know so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This This This This This This This This This This This okay okay well I mean you know you know well like you know I mean is Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Turner. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a a a a a a a a a a a second. Why didn't I mean uh I mean um uh uh uh okay well okay I I I I I I I I I I I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay um well um okay um well like I knew as soon as I said said said said said said said said said said said it someone would bring it up but um uh uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean so his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host uh okay uh I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh um you know. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This uh um well you know I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we we we we we we we we we we we talked about like I mean okay well so you know like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be be be be be be be be be be be fairly intoxicated uh you know you know um okay um okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um okay okay so well okay with we will ask our our our our our our our our our our our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like so so uh like and five. She's a really hot girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely so so so so so so so so so so so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the the the the the the the the the the the art of business where we uh well you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well well uh talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of of of of of of of of of of of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so like you know like I mean well hope you like it. Thank you guys for for for for for for for for for for for joining into the art of this is today you know you know um like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay I mean um well you know. My guess my my my my my my my my my my my guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my my my my my my my my my my my guess my guess my guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom like like okay I mean uh uh well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you for having me. Looking forward to this this this this this this this this this this this right now. Thank you for joining uh like so so you know so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean us really? So I let me give our listeners are little little little little little little little little little little little bit of context or I mean you know uh like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know well of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn the other day and I saw um um you know okay so okay like okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like you know so so I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well well um um okay like rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys. We're here for episode 16. But well um um I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up up up up up up up up up up up sticker fide like okay um uh um I mean um so okay uh. They made made made made made made made made made made made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so like you know uh like you know you. So if you you you you you you you you you you you want to check them out, make sure to head over like well okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh uh so uh you know to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love love love love love love love love love love love City where you get the urban like okay like you know okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh uh robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban Urban robot cat at checkout, so um uh so uh so so you know know know know know know know know know know know so well you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also like like like like like like like like like like like you know so well uh uh you know like okay uh SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products products products products products products products products products products products um um I mean okay I mean like uh um you know well well well well well well well well well well well for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know um um like well like um you. You can check them them them them them them them them them them them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like well um um you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate like like okay okay you know uh like you know uh uh in secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay like I mean I mean so I mean uh like can never be be be be be be be be be be be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well so like okay uh um so so. There's a swath of of of of of of of of of of of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true so so uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um uh okay I mean goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists okay um you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay uh gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed by legislators um uh okay well okay okay uh I mean so okay as as as as as as as as as as as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of of of of of of of of of of of the co-hosts on the boys podcast like you know uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh so before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to to to to to to to to to to to talk a so um you know well you know like okay well uh uh little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will well um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well I mean you know um like uh admit. So So So So So So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast, well so I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh like let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record like uh well I mean so uh well like like like like like like like like like like like um uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute so well you know okay you know so okay so you know like your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean you know I mean um well you know well podcast my bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like you know uh you know well um minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place um you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um like well. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record record record record record record record record record record record right now and I can just cut so well uh like okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know um um um it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's of I mean I mean well um okay uh well um like I mean time time time time time time time time time time time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean okay okay okay so um so. This is my my my my my my my my my my my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay so so well like I mean yeah, if you hear a a a a a a a a a a a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's uh like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like um um gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this this this this this this this this this this this is already Turning off as I mean I mean so like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean so a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually kind of scared of like like you know uh well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well like um him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a a a a a a a a a a a parakeet. He's a um you know well um you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um well well little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny um you know okay so okay okay so okay okay like his little arthritic feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 3 of of of of of of of of of of of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior so you know okay uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well well so Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And uh like uh well um so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um you know this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims Aims uh you know well you know uh um uh um you know you know to to to to to to to to to to to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of like like like like like like like like like like like um so like well okay you know um uh uh the more than 1 million million million million million million million million million million million organizations that collect use or Close personal information so uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean you know you know well I mean in this province. We want want want want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want we want we want we want we we we we we we we we we we we want we want we want organizations to think more about the sheer volume volume volume volume volume volume volume volume volume volume volume of you know well well like uh okay uh well um uh personal information information information information information information information information information information information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and you you you you you you you you you you you know so like okay you know well um so I mean uh how our our our our our our our our our our our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so um um like so well like Trust. Today, we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode another episode another episode another episode another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode another episode another episode another episode another episode another episode another episode episode 8 of of of of of of of of of of of the one man ride podcast. I'm well so um so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean uh your host Michael Ward. That was was was was was was was was was was was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there okay you know so uh like so so so so so so so so so so so well okay um like my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is is is is is is is is is is is because I was uh I mean okay well so um well okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today today today today today today today today it is uh okay like like like well well okay uh like episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so you know okay uh like you know like recording two two two two two two two two two two two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay you know I mean uh well well. So he is our special special special special special special special special special special special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to okay okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so so um I mean you know well find us. You can find us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at look at look at look at look at at at at at at at at at at at look at look at look at look at look at look at Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, I mean um so okay you know uh um well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave um um um um um um um um um um um well uh well um like so uh you know um us a 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review um okay uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay like um like and if you have nothing nice to say as as as as as as as as as as as your mother said don't say it I mean um you know so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay at all. Thanks. Okay. So now so now so now so so so so so so so so so so so now so now so now so now so now so now so now now now now now now now now now now now so now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Lindsay like uh well I mean you know okay uh so okay um emerged to to to to to to to to to to to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh well well uh okay um so like racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating repeating the second was handled Tastefully but um well uh well you know um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit okay um um okay you know you know okay you know well uh passionate Bachelor Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so well uh so um you know its cake and eat it it it it it it it it it it it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know um um um uh username saying how the producers run the the the the the the the the the the the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the uh um like uh um like like like like like like like like like like like like well you know I mean show taking no accountability for it was crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap at no point at The Bachelor um well okay so you know so so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The um uh uh okay like you know so you know um okay show show show show show show show show show show show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh you know so um uh like can't guarantee an an an an an an an an an an an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season so so well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well um like um well there will be multiple villains. Another user another user user user user user user user user user user user another user another user another user another user another user another user another user another another another another another another another another another another another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh um I mean you know you know you know then then then then then then then then then then then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like I mean um like well like uh to encourage all of you you you you you you you you you you you to download the free anchor app or go I mean I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay okay so well um to Anchor Todd FM to get started started started started started started started started started started started on this. It has made it I mean well um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh I mean you know well. So easy guys, I did not know, you you you you you you you you you you you know publishing podcast was so easy. If uh if uh if uh if uh if uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well I mean well so uh I had only known it like like like like like like like like like like like five ten years before early because all you know I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so well like well uh so I need to do is download the anchor. I I I I I I I I I I I have record my voice in I mean well you know um like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay it and just click post and anchor will do all the job job job job job job job job job job job for me. It will it will it will it will it will it will will will will will will will will will will will it will it will it will it will it will um so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well so you know um publish it in all the major podcast sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides. You know apps that are available and uh so I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so okay uh I do not need to do anything else. So So So So So So So So So So So this is just too awesome guys I mean uh um uh like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean. You also you also you also you also you also you also also also also also also also also also also also you also you also you also you also you also need to make use use use use use use use use use use use of it. If you have a message okay okay you know well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know you know if you have some come content, which you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel that needs to reach out to the world I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh so like so you know or simply want to post something make sure you use use use use use use use use use use use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, um um uh um um um well uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week week week week week week week week week week week so like so well I mean like I mean uh so uh on Choppers. Every Every Every Every Every Every Every Every Every Every Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well I mean so uh so you know history a heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay okay uh um for their bravery and achievements. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, let's get brushing the way okay I mean well like okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh uh. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China China China China China China China China China China China. Her name was like so so you know I mean you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress is another so uh you know you know so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over okay you know you know well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well um well so ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown was found dead strangled by her well you know you know okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know um own bra the search for her killer would be a a a a a a a a a a a daunting task for police you know so um well I mean you know so uh um um um um um um um um um um um so resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking murder of um um okay you know okay um okay I mean okay like Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders like uh you know like you know so like like uh like every Tuesday follow the the the the the the the the the the the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well so well okay you know you know well bewildering murders follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um uh well uh podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this this this this this this this this this this this murder case listener discretion is advised okay like okay so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and and and and and and and and and and and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13. On an on an on an on an on an on an on an on an on an on an on an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is me and Christian here here here here here here here here here here here with our very good buddy so like um well uh you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, right that was you know you know well you know um well so so well well well well well well well well well well well so pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean like uh you know well uh like of New Zealand podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um uh like you know uh like uh been working working working working working working working working working working working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, so so so so so so so so so so so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, my well you know okay okay like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke behind the like so um like I mean I mean um um uh um history of altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like um like okay like well you know says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like like so okay like uh so how the chakra system can help help help help help help help help help help help you change your mind to change your body well I mean well well like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am am am am am am am am am am am doing great. It's kind of well you know okay you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know so um weird. I normally I normally I normally I normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally I normally I normally I normally I normally I normally I normally I normally record record record record record record record record record record record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because you know um um um um um um um um um um um so you know um um um so uh like I've been traveling a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit and now I'm confused as to what um I mean um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um like so okay day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things things things things things things things things things things things on Wednesday. Does that ever well uh uh well uh like like well um so happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all all all all all all all all all all all day so well so like uh you know you know I mean I mean so. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's okay so so well um I mean you know so I mean um happening in in in in in in in in in in in my world today. We're carrying on. With our with our with our with our with our our our our our our our our our our our with our with our with our with our with our with our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have have have have have have have have have have have Chris um so like well um um well um um like with you you you you you you you you you you you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh you know so well well okay you know through the offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well okay you know well okay on first off. So we all all all all all all all all all all all like to get a bit of an insight into the uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay like uh so okay franchise and today's guest definitely needs no no no no no no no no no no no real introduction to those day our fans uh uh well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well like well okay well and those fans who obviously had attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended the games in the City of Angels of uh okay so okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like so Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm firm firm firm firm firm firm firm firm firm firm like um um um um uh um uh so okay or see my portfolio head on on on on on on on on on on on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of um like okay um like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay well like uh Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the the the the the the the the the the the office all day long like uh okay you know I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean um as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of of of of of podcasts on every you know so okay uh I mean um um like uh so so so so so so so so so so so topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all you you you you you you you you you you you know um like well you know um like so okay you know of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can you know um well like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean I mean I mean I mean like follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode premium users can download you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so so uh I mean episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know I mean uh with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done done done done done done done done done done done so already be sure to download the so well well um I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh um Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in the your uh you know you know so like you know so so um um um um um um um um um um um uh library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined right joined right joined right joined right joined right joined right joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined right joined right joined right joined right joined by manager Steve King preview and and and and and and and and and and and tomorrow's game against st. Albans um I mean um uh well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um so okay Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way way way way way way way way way way way on Tuesday night okay um well so I mean well you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to to to to to to to to to to to be so you know I mean okay like okay well uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean fair. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been good for months really pleased with the the the the the the the the the the the performance. And I kind of knew well like you know so so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like well so it was going to be a bit like that. But until until until until until until until until until until until we sort of broken down I mean I mean okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know so okay you know loss or often our second half Clayton delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful football and the goals were like uh so okay well okay okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like um very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan so I mean uh I mean I mean so uh um I mean like to you you you you you you you you you you you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like okay okay like okay like Capital K JP will get better the the the the the the the the the the the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were were were were were were were were were were were friends okay well um like like um uh okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it it it it it it it it it it it okay um I mean like uh like you know well like like how we get get get get get get get get get get get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully I like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know you know uh uh you know I mean was able able able able able able able able able able able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean okay okay you know I mean we first started started started started started started started started started started started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier. It like um um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like uh well well um is now gotten super easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest um you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well uh well so way to make a podcast it gives you you you you you you you you you you you everything you need. In one place like um okay you know okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean like so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording equipment or anything and okay you know like um um so okay uh well like like like like like like like like like like like you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like um okay like I mean you know well you know free free free free free free free free free free free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools so so so so so so so so so so so you know so I mean um well I mean well I mean so. You need to edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit it to make it sound good which you know, if I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay well well okay like okay you know we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest well well okay uh um uh I mean like well um way to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh like so like like like so record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like uh you know um well podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many like well I mean like I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership, and it's everything I mean well okay like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um I mean you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or uh like so uh I mean uh like so like I mean go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like well well okay well well Nelson. Back podcast it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well like um um um I mean so you know ball, you know that his his his his his his his his his his his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How How How How How How How How How are like well um well uh uh okay uh um I mean you doing? Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett very well. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you coming on you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've got an amazing story and so I mean okay like so like okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know I love for you to share it with a lot of people people people people people people people people people people people. Yeah, thank you. I'm like I mean so I mean so I mean uh well so so so so so so so so so so so you know so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you you you you you you you you you you you well well you know uh well so um you know uh uh know, I love love love love love love love love love love love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along like uh so so so so so so so so so so so like um uh so okay uh I mean in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told told told told told told told told told told told you many times we have so I mean well uh um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so like such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got got got got got got got got got got got to where you I mean so well I mean well um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts like I mean uh like like so so I mean okay okay of things. I I I I I I I I I I I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so so well uh um okay lot of really good coaches. And And And And And And And And And And And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel like I mean you know you know you know okay uh so okay you you you you you you you you you you you know media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we we we we we we we we we we we didn't expect you know um um so well um um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more more more more more more more more more more more I mean like okay well um you know I mean like like um money D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh so um you know like gentlemen, boys and girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we are going to have have have have have have have have have have have a okay well like so well so okay okay well like really fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean well okay I mean like um okay okay our our our our our our our our our our our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited um um like uh well like well I mean so okay to have one one one one one one one one one one one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce um um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh well um like like like you know yourself. Thank you very much much much much much much much much much much much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the um um um you know know know know know know know know know know know well um I mean like you know I mean biggest names in construction. I I I I I I I I I I I think my name is probably used a lot in um so well um um um um um um um um um um um you know um like you know like so construction these days in all sorts of of of of of of of of of of of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired you know okay so so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so um like like the independent review into building safety regulations on fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire safety in the wake of you know uh well okay um well so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that that that that that that that that that that that regulations themselves had I mean like um um like I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not not not not not not not not not not not specifically like you know okay okay so like um um uh uh looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to to to to to to to to to to to um so you know uh so you know well okay okay okay be doing this. I I I I I I I I I I I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh uh um um you know you know um well from the podcast but but but but but but but but but but but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So um okay you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know okay okay uh if you are a subscriber make sure you you you you you you you you you you you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished so so well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well um you know um something with me because without you like it's impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible. So I'd like to first you know so like like you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line line line line line line line line line line line it to be I mean well you know uh okay okay uh like okay like like like like like like like like like like like possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean okay uh um uh like uh in on YouTube. Then you you you you you you you you you you you might as well start. Do I need to spell you know well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like okay well um okay out to you why you need to start start start start start start start start start start start listening to that YouTube content come you know you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like so you know on now but away from all of that as as as as as as as as as as as you look normal. I wouldn't say a so um uh you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen you've seen you've seen you've seen key caucus steal. The like uh like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so um leads keep our band for eight games and get get get get get get get get get get get a fine. I believe due like like you know um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay uh okay to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know like I mean so uh well uh uh leaders podcast. HR doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's um um um um um um um um um um um um well uh I mean you know so uh um okay simply has to put another another another another another another another another another another another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver so um um you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean like you know greater business value. This episode this this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode is a break from our usual format. It features it it it it it it it it it it it features it features it features it features it features it features it it it it it it it it it it it features it features it features it features a um um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um like um you know uh panel discussion, which took place at the the the the the the the the the the the recent people analytics and future of work conference okay well okay okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well so um in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR skills of the future and how you know uh okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um I mean well to develop and features Heather Whiteman who who who who who who who who who who who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent um well so well like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean so you know I mean six years previously is global head of people people people people people people people people people people people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial I mean I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay uh uh RJ Milner who is a global head of people people people people people people people people people people people analytics boober and is so like well I mean okay like well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR future who like um you know um I mean uh okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control control control control control control control control control control control. Per okay you know well well well well uh so like well se taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take take take take take take take take take take take okay so so um so so okay okay you know so control of our emotions? emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh you know I mean um okay uh down. Right but we're going going going going going going going going going going going to talk about two of those important points well um okay okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know so well right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset physiology being the science of life uh you know I mean okay like well like like like like like like like like like like like so uh I mean. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions functions functions functions functions functions functions functions functions functions functions of a you know uh like so um well um okay I mean well living organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going okay uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um so you know I mean like to be talking about is how how how how how how how how how how how refers to your emotions and how it is you know okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so like I mean an extension of You feel emotions are described described described described described described described described described described described many ways. You know me. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um you know like uh okay well happiness sadness anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay I mean uh um are kind of the main ones. We We We We We We We We We We We think these emotions are born in our so um um well um um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean so mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first first first first first first first first first first first uh like so like you know so like you know you know like sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um well I mean well like you know I mean I use stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil plus with my business. They made they made they made they made they made made made made made made made made made made made they made they made they made they made they made they made a handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap logo for me amongst well you know you know um um well um so like uh other other other other other other other other other other other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know you know I mean um um I mean okay lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They They They They They They They They They They They have free shipping on all orders over $50 like so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh um uh I mean well. You can have a free company logo stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil made free and they have lots of okay um okay so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh so cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands of stencils to well like okay so so okay so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well well so um okay okay so you know if you have something very custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom you want made they will work with you and like I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so I mean I mean they listen to their customers needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are back with King Rose cars and you've got got got got got got got got got got got the episode number okay like I mean uh like well you know okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 20 coming your way. And thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks again last week to Lugosi. We We We We We We We We We We We had a great uh you know uh well um well uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, usurping, like like okay um okay I mean uh okay like like you know, my numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're well like like like like like like like like like like like well well okay okay I mean so well okay good. We're happy and as I I I I I I I I I I I always say to people I do this because I like well uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so like like you know love the band. Of talking to the bonds and and and and and and and and and and and having a chat with them and like so you know so so so um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any any any any any any any any any any any way uh okay like like you know I mean um you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks I mean so uh I mean so like okay uh like well for that. So today today today today today today today today today today today we have a different. Well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting like like well so well like I mean uh you know so your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, let me tell you something. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is well I mean I mean I mean you know like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me explain it's free their creation tools that uh okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um uh um I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll so like okay okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like um so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like like well um many more you can make money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything well okay like okay you know well um um um um um um um um um um um so so uh you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the the free acre so well okay um uh you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so well app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want want want want want want want want want want want like like uh so I mean like okay um I mean so to join in on on on on on on on on on on on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 well um so uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know I mean uh p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel. If you can't make it check so well I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um uh like out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time time time time time time time time time time time every Wednesday morning. This is you know um uh okay okay okay um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors the um uh um I mean well uh you know uh so uh ones who make make make make make make make make make make make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor uh uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so well um well so is basically this free podcasting app app app app app app app app app app app that allows you to edit upload and create your own uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well so um I mean podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically handles all the distribution. So basically once so okay uh you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know um you know you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your your your your your your your your your your your podcast to a playlist uh um like I mean um uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once once once once once once once once once once once you upload um okay I mean well I mean well um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download so um um um um um um um um um um um uh so like okay uh um uh um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I I I I I I I I I I I have you know like you know I mean uh um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to to to to to to to to to to to what I ever uh you know you know like well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is is is is is is is is is is is on board so uh I mean uh uh I mean so okay so okay and I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are you know so well um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay I mean I mean uh I mean going to go on together. I've done done done done done done done done done done done a little eye. Like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing and like note uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like like so well you know so like books and and and and and and and and and and and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want it it it it it it it it it it it so uh um um so so so like um um to pan out whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether or not it pans out like that is another story because because because because because because because because because because because well I mean um okay um you know so um like okay I can be be be be be be be be be be be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I um okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well so you know I mean so want you to shut your eyes everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If I mean like uh well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um you know you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford in okay okay like so you know okay well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje enje enje enje enje enje enje enje enje enje enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje along with with with with with with with with with with with Mike. It is Thursday, okay well well so I mean so I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame like okay uh well you know you know so so I mean so combo for you you you you you you you you you you you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss like like um um um um um um um um um um um uh um like like well um like in San Jose. But hey, that's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. They had won three in a row prior uh uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so uh okay The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but but but but but but but but but but but you have to sort um well I mean so well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road that road that road that road that road that road that road that road that road road road road road road road road road road road that road that road that we're key so uh okay I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well you know like uh games against teams that were at least on on on on on on on on on on on par with them Florida a few like well I mean well okay well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and and and and and and and and and and and Vancouver who um you know so well you know you know so um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up up up up up up up up up up up so I mean you know I mean like I mean well you know well well well well well well well well well well well so against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing that you know okay well I mean you know okay okay like uh like are out out out out out out out out out out out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like okay um um like so they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the the the the the the topic of okay well you know okay well so so I mean uh so today's newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other words words words words words words words words words words words. What uh what uh what uh what uh what uh what uh what uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh what uh what uh what uh what uh like um like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay like you know are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things things things things things things things things things things things that women like about us um I mean uh uh like um okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so we can can can can can can can can can can can exhibit you know like uh so so so well um like like this kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first well first well first well first first first first first first first first first first first well first well first well first well first well first well first well first things things things things things things things things things things things first that we got well well I mean so well well like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and their Even by um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay well I mean you know I mean you know like their emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay like um so so um just randomly run into some dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make I mean okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay well well like um eye contact and there's just obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously it happens in such a way okay you know you know um like um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know like that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and introduce our name? uh you know okay you know uh well um well so so so so so so so so so so so you know Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for for for for for for for for for for for the bag well um so um uh okay okay so like well. And the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we um well so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know um you know well okay so in our bag we we we we we we we we we we we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so like so okay like okay uh that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is is is is is is is is is is is to make money off this that okay so so um so I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like uh well is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing this for my love of I mean I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like okay uh uh so public speaking and podcasting and making making making making making making making making making making making other humans happy with my voice Okay, like so uh so like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know we see what we see what Carson over here is in it it it it it it it it it it it for I guess I mean um um um you know so um you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business business business business business business business business business business business. Honestly, I okay um okay um um you know I mean uh okay like have this this this this this this this this this this this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say just say just say just just just just just just just just just just just say just say just say just say just say just say just say just just just just just just just just just just just say thank you was the like um uh um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you want to do the you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know like I mean you know like like well okay show? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app so so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay I mean um so um uh you know you just woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her like you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know so uh I mean I mean well I mean ready and and and and and and and and and and and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean I mean you know well like but we don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well you know I mean okay well so um show almost every Thursday, but but but but but but but but but but but most of the time most other days at 5 pm okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh um I mean well uh like. EST on my head. Here we we we we we we we we we we we go. We all live I welcome all welcome like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay um so you know okay everybody doing welcome to the the the the the the the the the the the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man man man man man man man man man man man I mean um um I mean um like like okay like like taking your health to to to to to to to to to to to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going so so well you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay you know um well so to talk about the seven benefits of taking a a a a a a a a a a a cold shower. This is you know uh I mean well okay well so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into into into into into into into into into into into a so uh uh uh uh okay um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold well you know okay you know well so okay um I mean uh to me me me me me me me me me me me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really well well well well well well well well well well well um uh well um um like like like um based on this word hormesis. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay for me scenes, what does that that is I mean like like like well uh so so so so so so so so so so so like so I mean a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or or or or or or or or or or or a moderate amount of stress to I mean okay I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like so like uh I mean I mean create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that that that that that that that that that that that can create this effect. This is like so um uh uh like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons eons eons eons eons eons eons eons eons eons eons. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how look how look how look how look how look how look look look look look look look look look look look how look how look how look how look how sane and linear we are are are are are are are are are are are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast um uh I mean uh okay well so so so so so so so so so so so like um uh and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official official official official official official official official official official official entities. Please well okay I mean okay uh um you know like uh um remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free so so so so so so so so so so so well um um like like um uh okay okay to read along with us. If If If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or or or or or or or or or or or I mean okay uh uh you know I mean well so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have free free free free free free free free free free free audio transcriptions okay like uh okay you know uh okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to to to to to to to to to to to Read instead of listen okay uh um you know so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're going to have some opinions about so you know um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like um you know well the construction of the story. These opinions these these these these these these these these these these these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions these opinions these opinions may be different from yours, but we're you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh like well um um well okay not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This This This This This This This This This This This show is not safe for work. And okay and okay and okay and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and okay and okay and okay and okay and okay and okay and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay like okay well uh you know uh if you're a minor we we we we we we we we we we we ask that you wait to listen until you were old I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like uh like I mean uh uh you know so enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the the podcast okay you know uh like you know um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about Dan so okay so like like okay so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay for sure. Basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle for the club. She She She She She She She She She She She don't know me. You don't know me like well so you know so uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know so as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud money days we could uh like okay okay you know you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for for for for for for for for for for for sure. He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and and and and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing um okay uh I mean I mean okay uh um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side side side side side side side side side and brush I mean you know uh uh so well I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's heroines week uh like okay I mean um you know uh uh uh uh where where where where where where where where where where where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking I mean I mean well like like okay so um well uh about about about about about about about about about about about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your no, your no, your no, your your your your your your your your your your your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your your your your your your your your your your your mom's cool, but we're you know like you know uh well um like like like like like like like like like like like so like so actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon you know so um uh well uh like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and her her her her her her her her her her her okay well uh so like you know uh okay okay okay dream was to to to to to to to to to to to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and and and and and and and and and and and turned on you know you know I mean okay um uh you know well um so so so so so so so so so so so the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most most most most most most most most most most most legendary like uh I mean um you know okay you know uh I mean you know footage footage footage footage footage footage footage footage footage footage footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo 11 um um you know you know um well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so um um so um well uh so camera transferring its signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal back to Earth. This signal this signal this signal this signal this signal this this this this this this this this this this this signal this signal this signal this signal this signal this signal was tape tape tape tape tape tape tape tape tape tape tape recorded by three different Studios I mean okay um you know uh okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and and and and and and and and and and and Apollo okay I mean well okay well uh um um well you know know know know know know know know know know know 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for for for for for for for for for for for I mean okay um uh you know you know so so you know so safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by um um um um um um um um um um um you know like okay well uh um uh so well anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best I mean um um well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay so uh uh of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use now anger can okay well well well um I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like like um match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your your your your your your your your your your your podcast. That so I mean well uh I mean okay I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what what what what what what what what what what what I'm okay you know you know like I mean well you know well so you you you you you you you you you you you know doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh um so like like um we love using incre you you you you you you you you you you you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's like so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um uh very easy to you know, Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim the starting and end points if you want okay um uh well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean okay to cut out some, you know dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead are very easy to do that as well um I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like um you know so well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to to to to to to to to to to to start a podcast and make money you know like so so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well okay like doing it go to Anchor dot f m / / / / / / / / / / / start that's anchored FM / uh you know um well like okay okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And And And And And And And And And And guess what I mean so um so you know I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well like well I mean so you know um looking to to to to to to to to to to to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well um you know uh um okay I mean uh started this got got got got got got got got got got got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well I mean okay like okay well right from a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so like I mean you know um well I mean it there too. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most I mean you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean um so um well challenging part, you know want to to to to to to to to to to to mess with that. They got you covered and get it okay like well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay uh well right on a Spotify and apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as well as any other place podcast or well you know like like um um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh you know so founds And you know what, you can monetize it it it it it it it it it it it to make a little cash um okay okay like um um okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like well for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast all okay you know so you know uh so um well okay well well well well well well well well well well well in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store like like like like like like like like like like like so okay you know you know like you know I mean so well download download download download download download download download download download download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to you you you you you you you you you you you know um like uh uh uh um I mean um so launch your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien like well well well well well well well well well well well so you know uh I mean you know like uh like amazing amount. You're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me like like so so so so so so so so so so so uh um okay uh like well okay donphan or smooth AKA Tanner green green green green green green green green green green green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh like you know you know well um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so uh Val said is your actual name. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you remember what the actual name of that? like like like like like like like like like like like um like um like um like um like um like um like um like um um um um um um um um um um um like um like um like um uh like you know okay well like well you you you you you you you you you you you know Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean you know uh um okay so uh Supercut of of of of of of of of of of of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean um okay you know so you know um uh because there's been at at at at at at at at at at at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh like well so maybe at one point now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your uh um I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know well I mean well nicknames that will hang in the rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters rafters. Oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - - - - - - - - - - - oh - oh - oh - oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network um um um um um um um um um um um um you know so you know um so uh like like. Join Rabbi Ami as as as as as as as as as as as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh um like um well well uh and guides us on a a a a a a a a a a a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the like you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay uh like divine. I want to start by by by by by by by by by by by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla I mean well so so well like like like like like like like like like like like um okay like well that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission of that says like uh so you know uh you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means means means means means means means means means means means well so so I mean like okay okay like well well you were kind of dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to to to to to to to to to to to talk so well you know you know well uh okay so I mean okay about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean uh you know I mean I mean well I mean I mean a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um um uh uh I mean I mean um and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for like like um um um I mean okay um I mean um you so it can can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you okay so so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh uh well I mean well can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you um well uh um uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know um need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor um so I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well well well so um so I mean dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got got got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a whole bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of stories to take care of um well uh like well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime runtime. There's some there's some there's some there's some there's some there's some there's some some some some some some some some some some some there's some there's some there's some there's some She-Hulk rumors some so uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know um Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do some so I mean um you know like well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it it it it it it it it it it it a rumor all that uh you know you know well like okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn top featuring movie discussion news you know okay so like um so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know well and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie afternoon like well okay okay so so um well so um to you. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh I mean uh you know like so you know to you. Live from from from from from from from from from from from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay you know I mean uh I mean well I mean to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual um um you know like I mean I mean you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D divide I mean like you know you know uh you know uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality multidimensionality starseeds the akashic you know okay like you know um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know um like records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay okay okay so well uh you know well today. I appreciate I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it well well well well well well well well well well well like you know um like um so like okay um. Hey beautiful being welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you you know um okay okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean you know so much for being here with me today today today today today today today today today today today. I'm really excited to have you uh you know I mean well well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean before we get started. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is brought to you by what what what what what what what what what what what my reading the UK's most so uh well um I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but but but but but but but but but but but today it's you know you know well okay well like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to okay so so like so I mean you know you know like like yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, like like like like like like like like like like like well you know okay uh you know well okay um I mean we are spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a like like like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean like so like like okay break up our waffle and today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan well so uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know you know okay you know a wedding when you have children children children children children children children children children children children of your own. We're actually going to cover like you know like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like so okay like so off planning a wedding when you've got small small small small small small small small small small small children and a some elements of planning like like uh okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well I mean a wedding when you're pregnant as well to to to to to to to to to to to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we we we we we we we we we we we are well like so well I mean well okay you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay you know uh you know I mean like okay uh we will share share share share share share share share share share share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so I mean uh okay uh um um intro song song song song song song song song song song song inches on the addressing. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the intro song intro song We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not um like well I mean uh so like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it it it it it it it it it it it. Yeah, you know uh um um okay you know like so okay you know welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so uh you know well so well part of your week. It's so humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling to know that I'm always so grateful I mean you know so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know you know so Brooke less so but me because my my my my my my my my my my my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um I mean I mean okay this episode's gonna be a little little little little little little little little little little little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um like um like um the mic that might be a little little little little little little little little little little little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already already already already already already already already already already already we've already we've already we've already we've already we've already we've already we've already we've already we've already we've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to well well well well well well well well well well well uh well okay uh uh well you know I mean okay man Booth today today today today today today today today today today today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this begin this begin this begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin this begin this begin this begin this begin this begin this begin this begin this this this this this this this this this this this Thursday, March 5th I mean so um okay so okay okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And And And And And And And And And And And as okay like um okay well uh um so well um we go through through through through through through through through through through through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well um okay you know so I mean practice, but as we go go go go go go go go go go go through the spring, we will try to hit as uh um like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean so well many podcasts as we can. Take a relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief following practices that are open to um um well um well well like so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know the media how many we have Tim we have five open open open open open open open open open open open by Focus and the okay like I mean okay um well uh so um you you you you you you you you you you you know Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new new new new new new new new new new new facility, like so okay you know well okay I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um um so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I I I I I I I I I I I think um well um well um you know so um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like so well so um okay I mean like hour to get her practice report report report report report report report report report report report out afterwards either because you can do a little you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean okay uh okay um bit on your computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime like you know well well so you know I mean uh uh um will will will will will will will will will will will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end well like so so so so so so so so so so so well like uh like I mean um so there invincibles hope and revealing our our our our our our our our our our our team's the game week 29 joining us this week um um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um like you know okay well like for the second time. This season season season season season season season season season season season is gold head of news and features okay um you know um um so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean um Peter Staunton. Last time last time last time time time time time time time time time time time last time last time last time last time last time last time last time last last last last last last last last last last last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um um you know well um um team since game week one one one one one one one one one one one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 37 so um uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh well so uh. Million. In the world, which is is is is is is is is is is is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, well so you know okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so I mean I think out of you know, all the people that are are are are are are are are are are are still interested. I you know you know I mean okay well like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know like used to interested though well-known. I get the impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression you're not from from well so well you know well so you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing um you know I mean um uh well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys okay uh I mean I mean uh uh so okay I mean okay. So So So So So So So So So So So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh um um you know uh you know uh you know a a a a a a a a a a a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh so okay like like I mean like I mean the finale and couple things things things things things things things things things things things we want to talk about before the reunions show just so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well okay like uh okay in case that It gets wild and we we we we we we we we we we we don't want to you know, take so uh you know you know okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know up too much time in the podcast after after after after after after after after after after after that. So we're yeah, the internet well I mean uh okay um like well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I I I I I I I I I I I think now well well okay well um so so I mean okay I mean that that that that that that that that that that that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out out out out out out out out out out out there um you know you know so uh you know um well um um on the the the the the the the the the the the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um so well um so uh like about what we found out since since since since since since since since since since since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh well you know well so uh fragrances gives everyone a way to to to to to to to to to to to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go uh okay like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like so so I mean to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you so um um like um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean so had they were they all came from church, you know, I I I I I I I I I I I mean and church well well um so I mean well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, about, you uh so okay so uh um I mean like okay I mean know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so I mean I mean um I mean uh like the the the the the the the the the the the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you like um um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh um I mean like uh I mean know, you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well um like so here but every now and again probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well okay okay okay uh can't definitely fantastic. It's like - - - - - - - - - - - that's the last sort of occasions I mean well um um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so well so okay Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just just just just just just just just just just just those big voices, I mean you um like so I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know uh don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom. Where we explore um like I mean so uh I mean uh uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth I mean uh I mean well like you know um well um uh and and and and and and and and and and and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves so so so so so so so so so so so you know um uh like uh uh like so okay off. I'm your host vetiver and and and and and and and and and and and you can find me at the ER ite etfe I mean uh you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay so like you know you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on on on on on on on on on on on your fitness goals for I mean so I mean so you know like okay like well well well well well well well well well well well okay 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition. So tuning you know okay well um you know so like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or or or or or or or or or or or to so okay I mean so okay okay you know I mean okay I mean Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me say a few I mean uh I mean I mean um um like well um um um um um um um um um um um okay things about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know like uh okay like okay so uh of a mentor to help help help help help help help help help help help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know so so I mean so you know well often finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like well okay okay like like so do find them then on on on on on on on on on on on the other side of the world or is I mean well uh um um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh um uh you know too expensive or they just don't have have have have have have have have have have have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over I mean uh so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean um 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start start start start start start start start start start start of this year. I've been I mean well well you know um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh well thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how how how how how how how how how how how I can help so I mean so so um okay so uh um like like like like like like like like like like like more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here here here here here here here here here here here you know um um uh like uh so okay like you know. You'll be be be be be be be be be be be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You uh um um like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean I mean um okay so can ask me questions anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything you like whatever you are in the like you know okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like like so uh uh you know world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and um you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay well you know you know okay well um on behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and well okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know so like listening to our show. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy if you dead feel free to rate uh so you know okay um like like like like like like like like like like like you know well like uh and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going I mean you know like you know uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well well on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your your your your your your your your your your your hosts are Dana husband well well uh okay um um I mean like um okay here here here here here here here here here here here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean so uh so um uh discussing brocco ton. 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay um well okay so uh to share our excitement about our our our our our our our our our our our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like I mean well I mean at this as an opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us um you know uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know like so well like so over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if if if if if if if if if if if you are interested in sharing a thought well well you know okay like okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like um of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything related anything related anything related anything related anything related anything related anything related anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything related anything related anything related to the death or something that we've learned I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um I mean okay so well okay so uh together, please please please please please please please please please please please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our you know um like like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean so okay so I mean email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so uh you know so okay okay like okay your host Simon and and and and and and and and and and and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean so you know um I mean that we originally published published published published published published published published published published published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean well um like I mean okay uh show, please do consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would that that that that that that that that that that that would that would that would that would that would that would that would that that that that that that that that that that that would that would that would be um I mean uh like uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top top top top top top top top top top top 10 uh well you know like uh I mean okay I mean well uh internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet. And in and in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 real-life spy you know you know well you know um well okay so so so so so so so so so so so like um bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad killed a waiter um I mean I mean um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know so you know in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes you know okay um um you know like um um um um um um um um um um um okay like you know. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with with with with with with with with with with with the terrorist like you know uh so okay so so well um okay attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to um um um um um um um um um um um well uh so well uh I mean well okay so conduct Spy Games over over over over over over over over over over over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies so okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um you know so okay and here we have 10 of those those those those those those those those those those those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um like you know um the list. I will I will I will I I I I I I I I I I I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will will will will will will will will will will will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also he also also also also also also also also also also also he also he also he also he also he also he also he also also also also also also also also also also also he also he also hosts so well um so well I mean um so so um um um um um um um um um um um the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about about about about about about about about about about about extension uh um I mean uh well like like you know so like crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art art art art art art art art art art art is thanks you know okay well uh okay okay so um uh like so much for agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing agreeing to talk to me. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy that you reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached out so uh well so like well you know so you know um to me me me me me me me me me me me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean so okay um so you know uh. So I've been looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about about about about about about about about about about about child sexual you know you know uh you know like so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the the the the the the the the the the the proposal of a Bill, I mean I mean uh uh um you know like so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married married married married married married married married married married married their victims uh I mean okay okay uh so um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the the the the the the the the the the the you know okay so so I mean so so okay um um government announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals backpack Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals backpack Internationals new briefing um I mean uh well uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government government government government government government government government government government government to well I mean I mean um uh well so okay like you know address the the the the the the the the the the the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges other challenges other challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay like uh okay well um you know podcast and I want to to to to to to to to to to to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um uh so okay and want to touch another thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing that I did last week. I made a uh you know so well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know uh you know mistake on the Caroline Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack Flack part where I was talking about the meme she so well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean you know you know so put out and about be be be be be be be be be be be kind and I notice when I listen back to it uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean so like um okay you know that I I I I I I I I I I I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not not not not not not it's not a big you know uh so uh so you know well okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to set it well so um uh I mean okay so you know um like right right right right right right right right right right right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do do do do do do do do do do do like okay I mean so um well well well um well the top 10 that we we we we we we we we we we we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it I mean um uh well well well well well well well well well well well like so you know so you know I mean for a week as as as as as as as as as as as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10 um you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay uh okay I mean so well I mean. Introduce Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why is it like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, uh like so okay I mean uh um well you know um it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this and this and this this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and and this and this is the big fat um I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um um um so you know so um snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my my my my my my my my my my my conversation with Dan Bailey where we okay I mean uh okay okay like uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an an an an an an an an an an an artist Dan is you know okay uh like well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John John John John John John John John John John John Misty first I mean you know uh okay you know I mean like you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series series series series series series series series series series series like well well um um well I mean like okay I mean that that that that that that that that that that that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in in in in in in in in in in in uh you know well you know you know I mean so like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Orange County in part. One Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one one one one one one one one one one one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan discusses his methods methods methods methods methods methods methods methods methods methods methods for setting up tuning and I mean uh you know okay like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so I mean ultimately recording a drum kit. He does he does does does does does does does does does does does he does he does he does he does he does he does he does does does does does does does does does does does he does he does this all in real time, which okay uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um okay you know well is rare. So you see exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's like um okay um okay okay uh uh you know okay amazing part part part part part part part part part part part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds so so well so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know well uh you know well for specific applications. You can check those those those those those those those those those those those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled well so uh okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean be a IL e why.com and check them them them them them them them them them them them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry deal I mean okay you know um like okay like well okay you know. My My My My My My My My My My My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, uh like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh okay um okay um Verde. I'm two glasses vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho you know like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well um okay you know uh Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it it it it it it it it it it it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's okay you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so so well always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me me me me me me me me me me me a really long time to um you know um uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it's you know I mean um like um okay okay um okay well not not not not not not not not not not not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know like well I mean um I mean uh one one one one one one one one one one one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know um well uh I mean well um well is green. Is it the greed greed greed greed greed greed greed greed greed greed greed wide section which is the best. This is um like uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well um one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. My so uh I mean uh well uh um so like uh guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins she joins she joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins she joins she joins she joins she joins she joins she joins she joins she she she she she she she she she she she joins me to share her well I mean well um so um um like like like like like like like like like like like uh um emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for for for for for for for for for for for this opportunity okay so um so okay okay I mean you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year year year year year year year year year year year you know well okay okay um so you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always always always always always always always always always always always so um well you know I mean uh uh okay okay okay smiling. She had the the the the the the the the the the the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay um uh okay you know around even to this day day day day day day day day day day day. She is still full of life and so are uh uh so okay um like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean like well her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her her her her her her her her her her her love for people and her love you know you know I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um well so so um okay for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you you you you you you you you you you you so much for joining episode so like like so um I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know um well 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so like you know uh uh so uh I mean you know um sitting down down down down down down down down down down down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know like okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean um you know uh well um him from these various parts. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so like you know like so okay like uh of methadone Mac on still still still still still still still still still still still game since then, he's been in a lots of you know so so okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay like I mean well like things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They They They They They They They They They They They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm well okay you know um like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like I mean so with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a a a a a a a a a a a really good actor. He's like I mean so uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey was um I mean I mean you know like well so you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know well um so like well uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What What What What What What What What What What What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how so so so so so so so so so so so uh like so so okay okay okay like you know entertaining will be when you you you you you you you you you you you are watching us. Now. You can watch the well well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um um okay uh I mean I mean 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every like well okay okay okay like so so so so so so so so so so so well like uh day on electric. Now. How do how do how do how do how how how how how how how how how how how do how do how do how do how do how do how do you you you you you you you you you you you get electric now? You download distro TV you know so uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well um so um I mean stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric now app and you just have to so okay well okay uh um okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean pick one. You don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you you don't have to have all your not them all of them, but so so so so so so so so so so so so well you know like so um okay so okay it helps and you can watch us us us us us us us us us us us on the Electric now channel don't miss um so um um you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um um us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your your your your your your your your your your your house in person. Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this this this this this this this this this this this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay so uh well okay is Marc a Altman from Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if and if and if and if and if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're I mean so uh so okay I mean uh well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it so like okay you know okay so uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a a a a a a a a a a a hefty um so like I mean okay I mean um um well um Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know um I mean you know like. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh um well um so I mean uh boy. Do we have have have have have have have have have have have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement um um so you know know know know know know know know know know know well well so okay um you know podcast. You can follow them on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean like well like like so like I appreciate you jumping in in in in in in in in in in in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know uh um okay I mean you know future Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like so so so okay you know don't normally do interviews. I I I I I I I I I I I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw uh like like well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well uh you know um this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on on on on on on on on on on on the show. And yeah, we're um you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay I mean I mean excited over at Saks in the basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement right now where we've been doing this now for I mean like you know so so so so so so so so so so so so um so you know I mean you know almost two years and it really is is is is is is is is is is is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to I mean okay like well well well well well well well well well well well uh um you know well okay like get as big as it's turned into into into into into into into into into into into and now we're you know, we you know like you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean I mean got this live event of cork and and and and and and and and and and and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going like well okay like well like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay okay to be trying out a live broadcast from there through through through through through through through through through through through the Pod be nap um okay like uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well and we're going to be going to two shows a week week week week week week week week week week week instead of one and it so well I mean you know uh like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so well just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we we we we we we we we we we we discuss both okay like okay I mean um well um uh um so the Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so you know like you know um so you know I want to help you you you you you you you you you you you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll like so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well so you know okay well love. Hello everybody and thank you you you you you you you you you you you for joining me for another episode today. I okay you know well uh um um um um um um um um um um um well okay well um um want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy collecting cards? No really if the uh um like you know like well well well well well well well well well well well um well okay well whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would would would would would would would would would would would be better or worse? like uh um like so like like uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for for for for for for for for for for for some so I mean well so I mean like well I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away away away away away away away away away away away and for I mean um like um you know um okay uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make make make make make make make make make make make a so you know I mean um so like uh uh um like podcast and and and and and and and and and and and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean well you know you know uh you know great great great great great great great great great great great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right um um well you know um like okay I mean okay uh from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you well so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh um okay like uh so on Spotify. I I I I I I I I I I I will podcast in many other places. So download the like so um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean um so okay free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so like uh well well you know know know know know know know know know know know um like uh you know I mean we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat I chat I chat I chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat I chat I chat I chat I chat I chat I chat I chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat to Netherlands. Rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league league league league league league league league league league league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league board member uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay um uh well like well so Matt Rigby then biggest tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni well um okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh um I mean so. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the well um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean I mean okay uh so rugby league podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Fans who fans who fans who fans who fans who fans who fans who fans who who who who who who who who who who who fans who fans who fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more more more more more more more more more more more places like okay okay you know um so um well you know I mean. All All All All All All All All All All All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well I mean uh I mean like um got a very very very very very very very very very very very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new new new new new new new new new website uh um well like okay uh like um well I mean life and football.com. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, once again, once again, once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for for listening Williams. Plus um okay okay you know okay well okay well okay okay it it it it it it it it it it it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with so so so so so so so so so so so so so so uh so so I mean like uh a big catch right there there there there there there there there there there there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against you know so well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know you know so okay Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He He He He He He He He He He He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand um you know well so so so so so so so so so so so so so um um okay you know down Wyoming is one of the top programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs in the country. I love what like you know you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay okay so I mean they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a you you you you you you you you you you you know well um well so um uh I mean so um podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record okay I mean well so like like like like like like like like like like like like okay like um well and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or computer and covid distribute you know uh so so you know okay okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many many you know uh like um you know like you know uh um I mean more you you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship listen ship listen ship like well so well um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up um um um um um um um um um um um you know um uh like so I mean I mean uh I mean or good Echo the the the the the the the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth uh like like you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay I mean I mean um um talk. I'm so excited about talking to to to to to to to to to to to you about money, but not just money wealth I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know I mean you know like means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and and and and and and and and and and and health because I believe that wealth is not like so I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean okay well just about how much money you have in your your your your your your your your your your your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony like you know you know uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to to to to to to to to to to to you by Luxor technology North so well like like well like well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism and I mean like like well okay so uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like okay okay so um well I mean so selection of pools for you you you you you you you you you you you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean so I mean so um okay okay well Daddy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know like so uh you know um you know like go and check them out out out out out out out out out out out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to well like okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean so you know you know well sponsor the show going into into into into into into into into into into into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would support okay so um well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um like like okay the show by Ting them you can find find find find find find find find find find find them online at Luxor dot Tech and okay uh uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like I mean okay give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning so I mean well like well um um um um um um um um um um um well like I mean uh into the hash rate podcast the best crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto mining podcast in the history of you know okay okay okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know you know I mean the world on today's episode mean hash and and and and and and and and and and and I are joined by mr. Seth um I mean um you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well you know so Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof of work projects. We talk about you know uh so um um you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like so well masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean hash has an epic so you know well okay you know okay um uh well well well well well well well well well well well like rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I I I I I I I I I I I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at at at at at at at at at at at the you know you know so so I mean so you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man man man man man man man man man man man who was lame uh you know I mean okay uh I mean uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know so from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful where he was you know like you know okay okay I mean um so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he he he he he he he he he he he saw Peter so so so okay you know like like well well so and and and and and and and and and and and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him him him him him him him him him him him as did you know well okay so I mean like so okay so so so so so so so so so so so so John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention I mean like you know okay you know uh um well okay like expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know uh well you know you know well I mean in in in in in in in in in in in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so um okay so okay I mean well um Lincoln Center cat fight after the the the the the the the the the the the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know like I mean in wall Street's interest in the the the the the the the the the the the region and in their defense, it did you know well uh well like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay so look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation deflation every news piece on South well um so um like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were like like like like like like like like like like like um so um like well okay you know uh so still just a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um so um uh I mean so uh the founder was a bit of a contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were you know I mean so so like okay like like like like like like like like like like like well um you know made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Trading Started to bloom okay you know um so uh uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um it my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those those those those those those those those those those those um like so um so uh you know well okay I mean days. It It It It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was almost like the trading job was was was was was was was was was was was unionized if you wanted to trade okay you know um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well okay uh so equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and and and and and and and and and and and Steph podcast back okay uh uh um you know like so well uh well well well well well well well well well well well for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend um you um you um you um you um you um you um you you you you you you you you you you you um you um you um you um you know well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um um It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic. You got to sleep in which like so I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay I mean like was lovely. Sorry. You weren't you weren't you you you you you you you you you you you weren't you weren't you weren't you weren't you weren't you weren't you weren't you weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like um you know so uh you know like so here in PA, but it it it it it it it it it it it was all right. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I I I I I I I I I I I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't complain man, you know know know know know know know know know know know on Friday. We like so I mean I mean so uh so um um um um um um um um um um um um um had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by by by by by by by by by by by stuffing well okay okay okay um so you know okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing hide and seek and and and and and and and and and and and they have internal and um uh you know so I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay um like oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It It It It It It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is full of so okay um so you you you you you you you you you you you know well so you know like uh really really weird people but it also has has has has has has has has has has has Disney and sunshine and your brother so okay um okay so okay so um um um um um um um um um um um um um. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um you know um I mean I mean um well um um um um um um um um um um um of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one one one one one one one one one one one and okay um I mean well okay you know so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King King King King King King King King King King King Banquo okay um um like like I mean uh like so okay speaks to to to to to to to to to to to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh well um um like so so. He says he says he says he he he he he he he he he he he says he says he says he says he says he says he says he says says says says says says says says says says says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that that that that that that that that that that that like uh well you know uh um you know um um um this this this this this this this this this this this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief well I mean so I mean like I mean um okay okay uh guests this this this this this this this this this this this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know you know so so uh um that's out on a a a a a a a a a a a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay I mean I mean I mean well that having the crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king um so so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean um you know well to be thus nothing but to be be be be be be be be be be be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well so uh so so like is a threat to his crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown crown saying there is none but he whose being I do uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh so okay uh um I mean well fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and well okay uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so like you know so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I I I I I I I I I I I um okay well you know so I mean like well well um don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be be be be be be be be be be be drowsy okay like so like so well like okay uh like heat alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to question the self you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've reached episode uh well so so you know I mean um so you know um um um um um um um um um um um to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like um uh like uh so okay know that my mom is is is is is is is is is is is a main character and a beloved one, but also the okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like okay you know well source of a lot of conflict and my my my my my my my my my my my life and my heart in my soul I mean I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know uh um well not because she tries to stir up up up up up up up up up up up trouble but just because she has very strong okay like like uh um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well um convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and and and and and and and and and and and those beliefs uh like so uh um I mean you know um okay uh Map Map Map Map Map Map Map Map Map Map Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the the the the the the the the the the the podcast my personal journey of okay um you know well so you know like so so so so so so so so so so so um um living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of of of of of of of of of of of the perceived well like you know well like so I mean um so uh problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh well uh I mean you know so embracing. The simple fact that that that that that that that that that that that we all only have one life and that none of us so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean I mean like I mean um are promised another day day day day day day day day day day day on this beautiful planet. We all we all we all we all we all we we we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all we all we all call home home home home home home home home home home home regardless um uh okay well okay I mean okay you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you you you you you you you you you you you I mean well you know um you know like um um like so hate or or or or or or or or or or or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh uh uh well I mean you know like end next year year year year year year year year year year year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy um so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay um um like so like so and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about about about about about about about about about about about your dress size either in this groundbreaking like I mean like well um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like you know uh podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions I mean um so you know uh uh so you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well well well well well well well well well well well anchor well anchor is the easiest so uh uh so I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay like way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor gives you everything you um okay okay like like like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile well okay okay uh so like um um so like device or computer. They They They They They They They They They They They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so okay well like so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean like so well so your podcast sounds great and they even even even even even even even even even even even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um like okay well I mean podcast and so many more and and and and and and and and and and and the best part you can easily make money with well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like I mean like like your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So go so go so go so go so go so go go go go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go download the app anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor or go uh like uh I mean uh you know I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this this this this this this this this this this this is I mean okay I mean so you know uh okay you know so um episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with like uh like like like like like like like like like like like well you know you know so uh uh I mean you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is is is is is Kelly well like like okay like uh okay uh well like Scheib. For those those those those those those those those those those those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like like so okay I mean by my co-host Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and you know um okay well well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know so um um as is typical with my life, we we we we we we we we we we we change the plan because there's this little you know um uh I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um um um known virus out there that's causing a lot of of of of of of of of of of of noise and we thought it was like well um you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh like okay incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today today today today today today today today today today today if it weren't you just like uh like uh um I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know in, California. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus like you know like so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know okay so well is originated. I think that we need need need need need need need need need need need no well, like have you been okay well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay okay you know watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you you you you you you you you you you you came back. Nobody's looked like um okay well okay so um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay like uh so okay okay uh like we've got the experts we we we we we we we we we we we have here today to talk to us. So today we like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean you know I mean well are joined by dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Patel. Yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from from from from from from from from from from from yes from yes from yes from yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching newsletter and the topic like well okay you know um I mean okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind you know know know know know know know know know know know so so um I mean okay I mean uh so uh of interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work um so so so so so so so so so so so uh so like you know like like uh like and telling me how just in a a a a a a a a a a a short period of time. He's in he's in he's in he's in he's in in in in in in in in in in in he's in he's in he's in he's in he's in he's in a so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um okay okay okay okay okay situation where I guess his he's been been been been been been been been been been been married. And he's in the process like like uh well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um uh well of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about about about about about about about about about about about 6-8 weeks ago. He so okay uh like well like I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know okay like so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the um um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know okay like okay I mean uh okay divorce, but the interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean you know I mean well so uh well with his wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital podcast okay uh you know you know uh so you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those those those those those those those those those those those you know so well like like uh well okay you know I mean things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know okay you know so well okay you know well some contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like okay so like um I mean I mean first said it it it it it it it it it it it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast so well like like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know uh uh well and four weeks later. We expect that one one one one one one one one one one one is following a few months now and telling so like well okay well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know the last year so but interesting how we actually got got got got got got got got got got got go to my okay you know uh you know so um I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a uh like like like like like like like like like like like so well uh like so so um well kind of weird one were both both both both both both both both both both both jumping on the train and without a um so well uh well well well you you you you you you you you you you you know well so couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it it it it it it it it it it it keep it keep it keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already already already already already already already already already already already know the world ain't all you know you know uh I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know you know you know sunshine and rainbows. It's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care um like like like like like like like like like like like so well I mean so um like uh uh how tough you are. It will will will will will will will will will will will beat you to your knees and keep you there okay I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um um like um like permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is is is is is is is is is is is gonna hit as hard as okay you know well okay well so well so so so so so so so so so so so so um life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard well you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh I mean um okay uh uh you know you can get hit and and and and and and and and and and and keep moving forward how much you can take you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well um like well okay so so and keep moving forward. That's how winning is is is is is is is is is is is done. Well, if you know what well I mean well well uh well okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like so you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta be okay so uh like like like I mean I mean uh like willing to take take take take take take take take take take take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you so well so so so so so so so so so so so well okay uh so I mean uh um wanna be because of him or or or or or or or or or or or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you know well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean well so um uh um uh you better than that. It's about about about about about about about about about about about how hard you can get hit and keep uh I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so okay I mean moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay okay like okay like like I mean okay it's Ryan crach and and and and and and and and and and and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well um well like I mean like um think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick podcast quick turnaround in what I mean okay uh okay okay well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for yeah for yeah for for for for for for for for for for for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for for for for for for for for for for for yeah for the viewers that we will well you know uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay I mean be releasing things I so for them them them them them them them them them them them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday you know like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay you know you know so here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry. I got I got I got I got I got I got I I I I I I I I I I I got I got I got I got I got my week mixed I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like uh um okay you know okay um up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political so so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean like well you know well okay and shaking his head at at at at at at at at at at at me. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know so so you know uh you know uh do. All All All All All All All All All All All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words words words words words words words words words words words. They were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the the the the the the the the the the the fifth episode. I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like um okay well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know okay believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not not not not not not not not not not not able to join this week you know okay okay um like like uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up up up up up up up up up up up like so well I mean so well um uh okay well Christian are you you you you you you you you you you you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from well so you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know like um you know well Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and okay um I mean um so um um um um um um um um um um um okay um well okay Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our our our our our our our our our our our episode on Betty Gale like so you know like so you know like um um um um um um um um um um um um okay Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of of of of of of of of of of of Kentucky uh like like uh okay okay so um uh uh. She was found on on on on on on on on on on on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like I mean well um uh like um you know confessed to the crime but but but but but but but but but but but was never convicted what really happened to Betty you know well um well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um okay Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like like like like like like like like like like like this follow unsolved murders free so you know well well okay you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know well um on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to due to to to to to to to to to to to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due due to due to the graphic nature of like I mean I mean like um so so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes dramatizations and discussions okay okay I mean um like so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution like okay okay you know okay you know you know okay so uh for children under under under under under under under under under under under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in in in in in in in in in in in conjunction with the layer well um uh um okay okay uh like um okay Aid conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, okay uh uh um well um okay I mean well um Rhode Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like well uh okay okay so um engineering and open source intelligence or osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always so I mean I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean you know like seemed to have a great story. Re and and and and and and and and and and and you can hear many of those stories so I mean so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean I mean so through their presentations at the conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, conference, but not every story can fill a whole I mean I mean uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay well okay you know um presentation and not all storytellers can get to to to to to to to to to to to the conference which brings us here um um okay okay so well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No No No No No No No No No No No interviews. No slides I mean um well so I mean okay like like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go go go go go go go go go go go so you know um I mean I mean uh uh well uh okay for for for for for for for for for for for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay well well well well well well well well well well well uh like I mean so like well so well okay or reflect those those those those those those those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like I mean I mean so like like and opinions of the the the the the the the the the the the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's I mean like so like um like like well like so. This is the show that that that that that that that that that that that explores the far ends of human experience. And I mean so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like I mean well so today we're looking at one of the weirdest most most most most most most most most most most most ambitious science experiments of uh uh you know you know you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know well well so the 20th century. It's a story about for men and for women who who who who who who who who who who who are like I mean you know so okay like you know okay like uh locked inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like um uh uh well you know um happen. And as as as as as as as as as as as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know I mean uh um Flies. I think things started to to to to to to to to to to to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six well um uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well I mean okay uh month Mark. I think we all knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up okay well well um so so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello and and and and and and and and and and and welcome to I I mean so okay so like okay so uh like so want want want want want want want want want want want to be your Canary. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a final fantasy podcast. We We We We We We We We We We We are coming to you uh so I mean I mean uh okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's so so so so so so so so so so so okay um well you know well um you know uh I mean time. I I I I I I I I I I I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh uh uh okay I mean you know sound like you're trying to be be be be be be be be be be be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode so I mean uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like um okay uh uh of I don't want to put my my my my my my my my my my my microphone. We're not in the new like okay um uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you you you you you you you you you you you watch so so okay like you know so um um well you know the Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few okay so so so so so so so so so so so um like like I mean so like so uh weeks ago we found Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh so um well um hold for a few while we get rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid of that. But in but in but in but in but in but in but but but but but but but but but but but in but in but in but in but in the um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean okay well well um okay meantime now, we're sitting in our our our our our our our our our our our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast um so okay you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay I mean okay in three different places. This is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is definitely the most comfortable out of all of of of of of of of of of of of okay like so okay I mean well um like um so them so high high high high high high high high high high high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so um uh I mean a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB and um okay uh um like like I mean like okay you know this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like okay so like so well I mean of Sabrina season 3 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know so like so okay you know uh so forget guys stick around for for for for for for for for for for for the any because we are going to go through our you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so uh so okay so I mean okay well recap roundups. Our best moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay like okay okay stick around for that. We also have our contest going going going going going going going going going going going on right now for well like okay okay so well so so okay so a a a a a a a a a a a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um okay uh uh you know I mean um just written comments on on on on on on on on on on on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the well you know okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know um so so uh well draw. We're extending this contest to the end of of of of of of of of of of of Riverdale season for so like um well well um like um uh so well we we we we we we we we we we we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh um well so um you know so ones. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel so so so so so so so so so so so you know well okay well like so so like you know. Let's get into the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh so well like do you think? It was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was good? It was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was really good. They're a couple uh so um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay like so okay things that I think I would have wanted done differently differently differently differently differently differently differently differently differently differently differently. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Franklin bring um so I mean like you know I mean well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay so uh uh okay you know well Bachelor Nation. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay like um like and by women, I mean woman. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week okay uh okay like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well you know and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of this this this this this this this this this this this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode okay okay so uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay I mean I mean includes discussions of of of of of of of of of of of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We okay we we we we we we we we we we we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we okay we okay um you know well uh like like um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay you know um you know okay um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay you know okay like uh okay so like Unofficial leader. Our 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like you know you know um Campground as president of the the the the the the the the the the the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at like okay well well well well well well well well well well well well so uh like like um um least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked he spotted a brand new California okay um you know so um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know I mean you know Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo that had been strung up by well I mean I mean okay you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh so some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other okay you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like like uh um okay I mean you know religions and their sacred texts through the the the the the the the the the the the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion uh so I mean I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well um um so you know for myself. Okay story time. I was was was was was was was was was was was driving to visit a friend while listening well I mean well you know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean well to to the excellent album hearts of No Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light by shamash, which I I mean um like so okay so like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of of of of of of of of of of of well uh okay like okay um so okay okay okay the speakers in my car car car car car car car car car car car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so well you know well uh um. So instead of Music I've had to to to to to to to to to to to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when uh so um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay so like okay it's only coming out of one of the the the the the the the the the the the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm you know so well you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay so not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F um fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum fum well okay okay okay like okay uh so like m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started started guys. This is by far anchors the best way so like uh so um well well well well well well well well well well well uh well uh well to download and record your podcast best platform out there there there there there there there there there there there. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can put it out on um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay well um so like Spotify put out on Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect all my friends so I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know well so I mean uh use it. It's by far far far far far far far far far far far the best platform I've used. I've used I've used I've used I've used I've used used used used used used used used used used used I've used I've used I've used I've used I've used I've used other other other other other other other other other other other platforms, well like uh um uh well you know well uh okay and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up so you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know you know I mean I mean well um well with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so you know okay I mean well well um. Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner has uh well okay well so so like so okay uh another partner that that that that that that that that that that that person by the way, for those of you don't know has uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um so you know so I mean okay uh um a special term. It's called metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour metamour. That is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is is is is that is that is that is the special word for your partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's okay um you know like you know you know well so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh I mean like like um uh a relationship with your partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know um well um um um um um um um um um um um like well well you know I mean well uh this person. Maybe you want to to to to to to to to to to to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so so so uh um like well kitchen table poly, which is the the the the the the the the the the the idea that you can be on such good you know uh so like like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean I mean like terms with your metamour that the the the the the the the the the the the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours uh um so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know like well like or theirs and have a cup of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be um um um uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well like you know besties and you know gang up on your your your your your your your your your your your partner from time to time or have so uh so um okay like so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in in in in in in in in in in in conversation um okay I mean uh like so I mean okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing um uh well uh like okay um um um well an action taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like okay uh uh I mean well uh out what creative plans he he he he he he he he he he he is. Currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he he he he he he he he he he he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently has Brewing you may have have have have have have have have have have have like so you know uh well like I mean okay well um previously known Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a so um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so um like uh I mean uh group of creatives who were traveling. And And And And And And And And And And And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to so well like well um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach uh um well well so uh so uh you know okay and I actually met met met met met met met met met met met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these so so so so so so so so so so so so you know so I mean um so okay like I mean days days days days days days days days days days days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of of of of of of of of of of of okay you know you know like so I mean okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get you know well well well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean okay I mean so well Chapman figure out. You You You You You You You You You You You got a few things in common. And here and here and here and here here here here here here here here here here here and here and here and here and here and here and here and here we we we we we we we we we we we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show show show show show notes in well um well well well I mean okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and and and and and and and and and and and I opened it. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was well uh like like like like like like like like like like like like so like well um you know um reading it through and it said if anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone ever comes to you saying all is well okay um um um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like well you know well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you you you you you you you you you you you kind of have that habit of of so uh I mean well like okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. So um uh I mean um um so um I mean like like what what what what what what what what what what what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we so so so so so so so so so so so well okay well I mean so I mean well um okay want to remind you you you you you you you you you you you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um like uh so like you know allowing or not. And what we've noticed about about about about about about about about about about about any who for whatever reason are standing so um uh so like um um um um um um um um um um um like like well well in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with with with with with with with with with with with that stream of well-being um okay okay I mean you know um um like like like like like like like like like like like like you know because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that that that that that that that that that that that is so you is like you know okay um um well well um like like like like like like like like like like like you know so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta um uh well uh so well um so well so gibberish. I'll be your host host host host host host host host host host host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so like like um with you today. And in this episode, I'll just just just just just just just just just just just be introducing waking youth. How okay so uh okay okay so uh okay like um um um um um um um um um um um did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about about about about about about about about about about about so like like well okay well you know well I mean you know like over over over over over over over over over over over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was was was was was was was was was was was thinking well uh like like like um um so uh um that I really wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I started well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay um okay well like um the semester I am Third-year communication student in in in in in in in in in in in Spain. I was also looking for an um you know so okay um um um um um um um um um um um so okay okay I mean okay initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very very very very very very very very very very very anxious and I realized that well well so so uh well so you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young young young young young young young young young young young well um uh so um you know okay okay like I mean and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting announcement. I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like like well uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I mean wanted to let you all know that we we we we we we we we we we we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front um uh so you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know uh like leg is a podcast community of everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything romance and romance related as you know, I mean well like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay so I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and and and and and and and and and and and Amelia. Well romance is okay I mean so okay well like like well so well well well well well well well well well well well not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre genre genre genre genre genre genre genre genre genre genre. Fiction and fiction and fiction and fiction and fiction and fiction and fiction and fiction and and and and and and and and and and and fiction and fiction and fiction and you know I mean like so uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like like you know Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value value value value value value value value value value value of self-care. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're like okay like I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay uh really excited to be a part part part part part part part part part part part of this community. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're into romance in in in in in in in in in in in any so you know you know well well I mean well you know like um flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know uh like well so um well of my very very very very very very very very very very very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean um okay like uh um um so romance. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's super she's super she's super she's super she's super she's super she's super she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's super she's super she's super she's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional content about the world well okay okay you know so like I mean you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of of of of of of of of of of the most notorious okay like so like I mean well okay like uh well subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the okay I mean um okay okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park park park park park park park park park park park as Network. We've collected short clips so uh so I mean I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help help help help help help help help help help help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know um uh like like well motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected the True Crime world really is you know so well well um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like um uh you can find these original episodes for free free free free free free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever you listen to I mean so like so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know uh okay podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will will will will will will will will will be posted in the description today I mean okay like uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh so. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you you you you you you you you you you uh like I mean um well uh so um um well here we've had some some some some some some some some some some some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean I mean well um well well well enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the well well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know okay like you know like like well morning. I don't know know know know know know know know know know know what is wrong with us. We literally literally like like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well so I mean well make the goal every morning to to to to to to to to to to to wake up at 5:00. Like this like this like this like this like this like like like like like like like like like like like this like this like this like this like this like this is some sight well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um well like you know I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just just just just just just just just just just just um well I mean so okay so um so I mean I mean felt prom justified justified justified justified justified justified justified justified justified justified justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we um like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know okay I mean uh so uh uh cannot something happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us us us us us us us us us us us again um well um okay well so I mean okay so I mean. And it's and and and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do do do do do do do do do do do this ourselves in a like so uh I mean um like like well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been been been been been been been been been been been at this for I mean like okay okay um um well okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean a year. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I think this this this this this this this this this this this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it it it it it it it it it it it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it it it it it it it it it it it maybe well you know like uh you know well like well well you know that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally we you know so like uh like um well okay so uh do say things things things things things things things things things things things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh um well you know you know um I mean each other other other other other other other other other other other in the course of the show, but that just has because we do you know well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean like so so I mean uh well is almost zero prep. We We We We We We We We We We We just kind of come from wherever we are and we like well um well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know like like so okay sit down and and I think most most most most most most most most most most most of the time we do catch each okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know well well uh I mean okay other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from from from from from from from from from from from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad that I I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh like well uh uh like like like don't think it's ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh well so okay okay okay on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a fucking week late I mean uh so okay okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last last last last last last last last last last last week I came to uh uh okay well well okay so so um so so so so so so so so so so so New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a a a a a a a a a a a well so I mean I mean um so like uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so well I mean so I mean so so but I had had had had had had had had had had had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to I mean like um like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know um like so go get my pap. Smear I have errands to run run run run run run run run run run run I was linking with people that uh um like um well so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have have have have have have have have have have have time and then I'm staying you know uh like uh okay so um you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here here here here here here here here here here here and nephews um uh uh okay well okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in in in in in in in in in in in my well so I mean okay uh uh okay so so like house house house house house house house house house house house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare I mean well so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um so well uh okay. So I'm trying to record before somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and and and and and and and and and and and like um well you know you know I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates Advocates keeping it so uh so you know so okay I mean like like you you you you you you you you you you you know raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about scientific okay uh okay I mean uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting this episode um well I mean uh so um I mean okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean on speakers. Also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please please please please please please please please please please please also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please note when you have have have have have have have have have have have a sample known truth because I said I mean like like so um so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh uh being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at at at at at at at at at at at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed okay okay like um so well well like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed endorsed by us? Okay now like well well okay okay like okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay that's weird. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to R&R. Welcome to get get get get get get get get get get get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips dips dips dips dips dips dips dips dips dips dips episode um okay you know well I mean okay well okay um well 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay uh I mean okay you know um like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh you know. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already already already already already already already already already already already typed in there uh I mean I mean well um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay so wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait for your intro you know you know uh um I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that that that that that that that that that that that Patrick Marsh okay like uh so like uh I mean uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it how's it how's it how's it how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it going bud? bud bud bud bud bud bud bud bud bud bud It's going great. It's starting so I mean like you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like so to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's raining. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like almost um so well uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh okay always cloudy, but you can tell it's like like like like like like like like like like like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're um okay like okay well okay like like like like like like like like like like like so like um used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's uh like like okay you know you know like so well so been positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so I mean okay well like um you know. Well, it sucks here here here here here here here here here here here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it whether it whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether it whether it whether it whether it whether it whether it whether it whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether it whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know so well I mean um I mean uh you know episode includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay well well so I mean um for for for for for for for for for for for children under 13. There's something there's something there's something there's something there's something there's something there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's something there's something there's something there's something there's something magical about a college campus where where where where where where where where where where where everyone's gone home for I mean so um I mean like so well well well well well well well well well well well well um like the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air air air air air air air air air air air and the snow-covered World you know well you know I mean so okay um like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by by by by by by by by by by by ivy league Gothic architecture uh you know uh uh um like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well you know. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories about your um you know okay okay you know well like well you know know know know know know know know know know know um Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea of a uh like like you know okay okay okay so um um walk to to to to to to to to to to to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean you know well well you know well bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a a a a a a a a a a a so you know um like well um you know um uh um straight line. I I I I I I I I I I I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean you know dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at well um um um um um um um um um um um like you know so uh like okay um okay the space amusement park is is is is is is is is is is is one of my favorite memories of all of us well so uh um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean like. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You You You You You You You You You You You might want to cool with that funnel cake like uh well um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh like. We all know are you get what you have to to to to to to to to to to to watch funnel cake typically um well uh um you know like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like. Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I I I I I I I I I I I know who loves funnel cake like okay um so I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean okay more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting down you know um like you know um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in in in in in in in in in in in today's episode we um well you know you know okay um so okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial where he like uh uh like um well well like I mean like was was was was was was was was was was was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial so so um um um um um um um um um um um like uh I mean I mean like I mean well two years later if you enjoyed the the the the the the the the the the the episode be sure to come back tomorrow you know well so you you you you you you you you you you you know so like like um I mean I mean for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well well I mean well you can listen free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers uh okay okay I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know like had gathered for the main event event event event event event event event event event event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself to brew well so uh I mean okay okay you know so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me me me me me me me me me me me itchy like okay like so okay I mean okay well you know like. My My My My My My My My My My My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious I mean uh like like like okay you know I mean um um minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh well you know okay like okay so when when when when when when when when when when when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know so so I mean um you drag your aching aching aching aching aching aching aching aching aching aching aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like I mean you know uh so so uh ooh your data data data data data data data data data data data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know okay uh um I mean like you know you dress you you you you you you you you you you you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay so you know like okay like um responds with the exact percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you so like okay uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know well well don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels like but you remember it was cold like well like um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay well yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name name name name name name name name name name name is dr. Brian Havas well I mean okay um you know um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um well. And today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today we have a a a a a a a a a a a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve Ellis um okay I mean so uh well you know um uh so and and and and and and and and and and and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex waveform I mean like well uh uh uh you know well okay uh chronic pain and and and and and and and and and and and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr you know know know know know know know know know know know so like you know okay I mean um so I mean uh. Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he he he he he he he he he he he okay I mean like you know okay uh uh well so um is is is is is is is is is is is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the well you you you you you you you you you you you know well like like uh you know like like well record some Jenks was recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh like so so like and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay um like um I mean um um I mean the doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and well um you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay well like like I mean uh operator of dialed Health, which is strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic okay well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um uh like okay like is all about why circuit workouts are optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal for cyclists. This topic was well okay okay I mean I mean so uh so so so so so so so so so so so so okay sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much much much much much much much much much much much for this well I mean you know like well so okay well like well idea because because because because because because because because because because because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um um I mean well I mean so I mean put out out out out out out out out out out out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you want to know why that is you know you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean uh so you know. Is it something that really is better better better better better better better better better better better for cyclists. Is it just my style? like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay okay well I mean so What is that? So we're going to break break break break break break break break break break break down the science and we're you know uh like like well um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh um uh well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about both and then really well okay okay uh I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it it it it it it it it it it it is optimal um so I mean uh so I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well like for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And And And And And And And And so I mean okay I mean uh so well like like um as you can can can can can can can can can can can see, my energy is on such a different level than it um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh well so like well like um was for episode 1. I'm so happy to to to to to to to to to to to be here. I had got so many I mean you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean you know uh uh great compliments on episode 1. I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio this audio this audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you you you you you you you you you you you by quick Read download our app today I mean um I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um so well um you know okay and get access to thousands of free book and and and and and and and and and and and audio book summaries on personal development I mean uh um so um well okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay productivity business and more listen to them while working out out out out out out out out out out out or commuting to so like um uh so well like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours well well well well well well well well well well well well okay well well I mean uh so well I mean. Go to Quick readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom. App and download our app for free today. Summary of summary of summary of of of of of of of of of of of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary of well I mean you know well um well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay um so well okay I mean well so and quick read narrated by Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was okay so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well you know uh I mean overweight shy and often sat in in in in in in in in in in in visible in the back of the class. It was I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean um like well like when her third grade classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party well well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay like um that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well uh so like well I mean well so starting your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll um we'll um we'll um we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um um um um um um um um um um um well so like okay like I mean well like uh anchor is the way to to to to to to to to to to to do it. That's actually what we use to host this I mean well like um you you you you you you you you you you you know well well uh I mean uh podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio that was made on anchor we just I mean okay well uh well uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does does does does does does does does does does does the rest you just you know uh you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so um hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such such such such such such such such such such such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher well I mean so well I mean um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best best best best best best best best best best best of All it's free um so okay like okay so like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app app app app app app app app app app app on your you know like you know uh uh okay well okay like um phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um I mean I mean like I mean well one of you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you okay um well so like like like like like like like like like like like you know well okay okay well. So be sure at the end of the the the the the the the the the the the show to leave a review like you know so well I mean like like well well well well well well well well well well well like uh join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all all all all all all all all all all all the pertinent okay uh I mean you know like so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast okay um okay well well you know okay so uh like. Let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record like I mean well so okay so okay um I mean so and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast like so so so so so so so so so so so okay so you know um like so well so for you. So So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can can so so so like uh you know I mean I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make make a you know like okay um um um well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM like like like like like like like like like like like um like so I mean so um I mean okay um to get arted Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag like okay you know so well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know I mean like um podcast today on our show. We have have have have have have have have have have have we it's called speaking for the bag well like you know okay like so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean well so. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some some some some some some some some some some some I mean I mean um like well I mean like well you know uh workouts at at at at at at at at at at at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like uh you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so so uh well you know um um so you need this this this this this this this this this this this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at uh you know uh um so um um um um um um um um um um um um well well um UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK UK UK UK UK UK UK UK UK UK UK a home hit plan um you know well uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know like is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single single single single single single single single single single single week all different workouts okay well well like like um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video video video video video video video video video video video tutorials of well well okay like I mean um like like you know I mean how how how how how how how how how how how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might you might you might might might might might might might might might might might you might you might you might you might you might you might you might might might might might might might might might might might you might like okay um well okay um well you know okay well need a a a a a a a a a a a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like like I mean like well I mean very minimal equipment and stuff that that that that that that that that that that that you can find around the house. And so if you answered well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh um I mean I mean like I mean yes to any of of of of of of of of of of of them questions at the start go and get the planet is you know well well well well well well well well well well well well um you know um I mean like um so also 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here here here here here here here here here here here I mean I mean uh you know um like so like uh um we go. So today today today today today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so so so so so so so so so so so today so today so today came across something pretty special. Let's just make make make make make make make make make make make this one on I mean um um so I mean you know okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, hey, well well so so you know I mean uh you know I mean so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here oh, here here here here here here here here here here here oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here here here here here here here here here here here oh, here oh, here okay so like you know like well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so we go. My favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my my my my my my my my my my my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite guide The Rock. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, um uh um so um um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so like you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child child child child child child child child child child child mean um so so so so um like well um well my grandpa used used used used used used used used used used used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, I mean well um so so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean well uh I mean so the Can always been like a legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary character to my life, right? So he's so he's so he's so he's so he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want want want want want want want want want want want okay so I mean um I mean well so so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean well you know okay okay so okay funny actually to to to to to to to to to to to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want want want want want want want want want want want well well well so so well okay okay so well to call it one of of of of of of of of of of of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh I mean okay um I mean I went Monk. And a a a a a a a a a a a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a and and and and and and and and and and and a and a and a father to a woman about my age that that that that that that that that that that that I so um um well well so well okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass fucking dating sites online I mean so so um okay uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first first first first first first first first first first first mistake and we okay like uh you know so like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up well well well well well well well well well well well you know so well well so okay okay um you know to episode 17 which which which which which which which which which which which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well uh um you know um okay through these episodes but we get to to to to to to to to to to to meet and interact with a lot well uh you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh you know I mean of different people. And today I have another another another another another another another another another another another very special guest who goes by you know okay you know I mean uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? going going going going going going going going going going I'm good, mate. Thank you like you know okay well you know okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay well for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and and and and and and and and and and and talk I mean so so um I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is the end of the world the end of times the the the the the the the the the the the end. Oh, no. Oh uh uh okay I mean so well okay um well like no no no no no no no no no no no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord and and and and and and and and and and and um uh you know um okay well um like so you know repent of sins sins sins sins sins sins sins sins sins sins sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about I mean like you know you know so you know okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like um the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so so you know I mean of Doc season. So So So So So So So So So So So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're going to say that after today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. There you know uh like well like uh I mean well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean like I mean so okay so um following following following following following following following following following following following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I I I I I I didn't get a script shit, you well um well like okay well well so so so so so so so so so so so well well know where else far far away where it takes us months months months months months months months months months months months to create new well I mean well you know well uh you know like so so so so so so so so so so so um merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here it's here it's here it's here here here here here here here here here here here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom Teespringcom. And it's popping / stores um okay I mean you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um so / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it it it it it it it it it it it. You guys are super cheap ringcom um um well uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know well. Doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got got got got got got got got got got got our shit together. We got that you know so uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay um shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing it. Thank you. So fucking like okay so like like well I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's so many so I mean I mean well I mean well so like like um um um um um um um um um um um different types of designs. There is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill logo. Love it. Love I mean uh like well well uh well so well um um um um um um um um um um um it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get get get get get get get get get get get yours go. Okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well uh okay you know you know so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um so like um like well you know like going to explore the future of of of of of of of of of of of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay okay uh well um so um um um um um um um um um um um you know um so okay ahead of the curve the first episode of the the the the the the the the the the the think with Google um I mean well okay so uh you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts you know um like okay um so um okay um like. From Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks uh socks uh socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks uh socks uh socks uh socks uh socks uh socks uh socks uh socks uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh socks uh I mean like well um uh well like so you know mmm I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to tell you a story that I think you sort of like like like like like like like like like like like okay um well uh okay uh like so um remember but maybe don't know the details details details details details details details details details details details of okay, so last spring I went to uh well like um okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay well okay I mean a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of stuff and I was well so I mean so I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean complaining to this therapist. It's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I I I I I I I I I I I say to ya penitential good stuff um like um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so uh Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes friends the podcast for a well uh you know I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay I mean talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire so so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean so you know you know so well like and also freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay uh I mean well well like um. I'm on the the the the the the the the the the the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh so okay so like you know so me alone. We were just discussing how how how how how how how how how how how this is a test of your own medicine because I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay so uh okay okay you run around the world throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing my Mike's in front of people and go so um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well so okay so okay on. Give us a call directly. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be well um so well like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give give give give give give give give give give give it I mean okay you know I mean um you know um okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know give it my best real lovely. I also I also I also I I I I I I I I I I I also I also I also I also I also I also I also I also feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel bad as well because obviously this you know you know you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay uh well uh morning you were on the road. It was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was on a phone in or do you um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know you know um so uh well have to go to Studio ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever say it was a phone in from the so um like okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um um so um house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Day events, and you know um uh okay okay I mean you know like uh like like like like like like like like like like like I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is Mack Wilds from the guys next next next next next next next next next next next door and I'm here to um like you know well so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know well um tell you about our family what you guys the reason why why why why why why why why why why why you are listening uh I mean um you know like well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a a a a a a a a a a a an amazing platform for so so well okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well um like anybody out there who is trying to get into the the the the the the the the the the the Pod casting room get I mean so you know well uh um well well well well well well well well well well well uh so um your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's it's literally like so you know like like you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh so uh the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's Creation uh um um okay um well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or your well okay um um you know so um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on uh like well like I mean okay okay uh well like Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not so well you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean so uh you know so so even pushing you could really really really really really really really really really really really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean like okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay I mean so I mean. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean well okay um um okay so from today's guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the um um um um um um um um um um um like like okay so so uh um uh I mean gradient a creative recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand um well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay you know um you know uh okay um side at companies like like like like like like like like like like like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um like so well you know um Harvard Bennett leads marketing for for for for for for for for for for for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean I mean like well okay and then worked as a journalist in the the the the the the the the the the the marketing trade World. They joined forces a so um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh I mean I mean so few months ago and we'll be launching the the the the the the the the the the the gradient in the coming weeks. Here uh here uh here uh here uh here uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh here uh here uh here uh here uh here uh here uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know I mean well well um like are a couple highlights from our our our our our our our our our our our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to like well uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay like well so start the gradient. And what we want to do do do do do do do do do do do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just jokes listeners well well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so uh well um well um before we get into this episode. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like to take a moment to thank our you know okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh uh okay you know sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any any any any any any any any any any any Kurds easiest way to make uh I mean um you know okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know you know a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why we use it well well well I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean uh. There's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well okay you know so I mean uh well your phone and computer makes it it it it it it it it it it it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you uh so well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well uh uh I mean can be heard. On Spotify on Spotify on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify on Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make well you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean you know uh you know so okay money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh uh so um uh um make a podcast right in in in in in in in in in in in one place download the free a tinker app well okay uh uh like well well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean well or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that that that that that that that that that that that okay you know okay you know you know okay you know um uh okay works. That was was was was was was was was was was was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started started started started started started started started started started started well well I mean I mean um okay well like well I mean sit the the the the the the the the the the the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory you know like um you know well uh uh uh um well well well well well well well well well well well victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Fallen uh you know well you know okay uh um I mean well uh Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is okay so uh well I mean okay I mean okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean well well uh okay well well uh season of Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. It's um okay I mean uh uh um I mean well um like 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean you know um um well well here in the suppressor Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well okay uh um uh so probably one of the best foilers in the the the the the the the the the the the world. He does a bit of I mean I mean well um okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know everything. But the but the but the but the but the the the the the the the the the the the but the but the but the but the but the but the reason we wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to chat with him today is not just so okay so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um you know because he's a champion off the water, but he's done done done done done done done done done done done some amazing things off the you know I mean like you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so um okay water over the past couple of years James James James James James James James James James James James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, well you know uh so well you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know I mean good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to get here. So you'd In the like okay well I mean you know um so so so so so so so so so so so um well you know Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on on on on on on on on on on on the weekend 12 so like I mean well you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking not so good about like okay well okay so you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well well uh seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to um so so so so so so so so so so so you know like like uh okay you know so I mean be fun. I I I I I I I I I I I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My My My My My My My My My My My name is well I mean uh you know so like uh well like well AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know I mean uh you know okay like um Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um well well okay uh um like uh uh I mean because this is is is is is is is is is is is going to be take two because we so I was sick uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean like you know okay I mean uh two weeks ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't do one then uh like I mean like um so like okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that that that that that that that that that that that you know um you know okay well like so so um uh one podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh okay so I mean like okay uh okay it in in in in in in in in in in in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men the the the the the the the the the the the men the men the men the men the men the men the men men men men men men men men men men men the men the men the men um well okay okay so like uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know um of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired bodies along the well so well um well well I mean so so I mean banks banks banks banks banks banks banks banks banks banks banks of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well uh I mean I mean so I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean you know I mean um like well um was was was was was was was was was was was in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay I mean well um like uh like um into Camp lured by by by by by by by by by by by bison meat that had been hung up to I mean okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh um I mean um dry. If it if it if it if it if if if if if if if if if if if it if it if it if it if it if it if it it it it it it it it it it it decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would be um so uh so so so so so so so so so so so um like like so you know you know no stopping it unaware of the the the the the the the the the the the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know so so so so so so so so so so so okay like you know you know okay like um uh okay that that that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay so you know I mean okay anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free free um um like uh okay well so like uh you know. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so so so like okay like okay um like from your phone or computer. I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing this ad from my phone as we like well so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you you. So it can be I mean I mean okay um um like like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money money from your like well uh okay I mean uh uh well like you you you you you you you you you you you know podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay so okay I mean okay okay you need to to to to to to to to to to to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so like uh so um um to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get get get get started now back to the show. Wash up so um um you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like so I mean uh Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting we're hitting we're hitting you with a combine recap I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know um um um um talking about how our boys the the the the the the the the the the the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis you know well like you know well well well well well well well well well well well well so uh I mean I mean what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know uh so uh like uh like where we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business uh uh well like like like like like like like like like like like okay well like um you know like in this week. We are going to to to to to to to to to to to be tackling a marketing week. That means every so you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um like you know okay uh like so day this week. You are likely going to to to to to to to to to to to get an episode based on the um so you know you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and and and and and and and and and and and actually this uh so well well like you know um okay you know okay week week week week week week week week week week week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime friend um well uh I mean so well uh um so like of mine. He works works works works works works works works works works works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay okay I mean okay um like acquiring the right type of Clients for for for for for for for for for for for your business not just any clients, but the best clients okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh so well into your business. How do I I I I I I I I I I I identify them and how to get them into your business you know like so like like like like like like like like like like like well uh uh um okay like as leads and where to take it from from from from from from from from from from from there? So an awesome interview coming up I mean like uh so well um um um um um um um um um um um like so like well with Mark Morris and here. So without so without so without without without without without without without without without without without so without so without so without so without so without so without so without so so so so so so so so so so so without further Ado here is our interview with Mark you know well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um um well uh I mean so Morrison today. I'm joined by by by by by by by by by by by Mark Morrison. He is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is a business development manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager so I mean you know um I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for for for for for for for for for for for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so you know so okay like you know well to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh um like okay to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor like well um like so I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so so so so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts um so you know I mean like like um so uh okay and and and and and and and and and and and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and and and and and and and and and and and uh okay well so so you know okay well uh you know our listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know so okay you know um well well download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like okay you know so like uh okay. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row row row row row row row row row row row the mayor well so so I mean like okay like like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this this this this this this this this this this this what uh so you know um like I mean well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh is this? I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have have have have have have have have have have have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the the so uh uh okay um you know um uh you know I mean podcast. So So So So So So So So So So So a big question that I get either via email or over I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean uh I mean like you know um um okay on our our our our our our our our our our our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their so you know know know know know know know know know know know so like you know so like okay okay you know online store and and and and and and and and and and and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior like like like like like like like like like like like well so you know uh so you know uh like um to launch. So So So So So So So So So So So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know I mean uh I mean well you know to pick a a a a a a a a a a a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay so well um um uh I mean I mean. You can learn more more more more more more more more more more more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post like okay like like like like like like like like like like like so uh you know um like well um a link to that that that that that that that that that that that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once so well you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh I mean well like well you know all that stuff and you kind of understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand how to build the business well like so so okay I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh then the question is, well, what do you actually have to to to to to to to to to to to get done before you well uh I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like okay okay make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier before you get okay well well so um so so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast go well okay okay uh um I mean um so so like over a couple different options options options options options options options options options options options you have and then let you know what I do okay like okay like well so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh uh you know and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go go go go go go go go go go go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a a I'm a bad like I mean well okay uh I mean like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I I I I I I I I I I I did uh so well well okay okay um um I mean you know two two two two two two two two two two two very much so good. Yes good. I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was a a a a a a a a a a a safari I wasn't so okay uh I mean you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know hi everyone. We are back with our good friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys I mean like you know so uh um um um um um um um um um um um so so okay like. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah good had a sizable you know uh you know uh I mean like so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable sizable brick good or because you so I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh so you know well had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was was was was was was was was was was was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause here during well uh uh you know uh I mean okay okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is actually okay you know okay you know you know so like so like like like like like like like like like like like okay the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if if if if if if if if if if if you are you know I mean so so I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What What What What What What What What What What What is anchor anchor is well okay like so um um you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh a free free podcast tool that you can use to create create create create create create create create create create create and record and okay I mean so okay like well well okay uh well edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so uh like uh you know podcast for you. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh so like you know uh so so like anything it does that all all all all all all all all all all all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button so I mean um like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like like so okay and it goes all by itself. You You You You You You You You You You You can make money from these podcasts you know like I mean um so like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay well uh right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad that I've written you know I mean you know well uh okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um so for them so that I can make a little bit of money money money money money money money money money money money off of okay so well you know like I mean so okay like well well well well well well well well well well well this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last the last the last the last the last the last the last the the the the the the the the the the the last the last the last the last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching the 88th episode uh well like so okay you know so um so um um um um um um um um um um um of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so well you know you know I mean well are going going going going going going going going going going going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay well uh um so you know you know uh at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre you know so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean okay I mean I mean Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at at at at at at at at at at at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at I mean okay so well well well well well well well well well well well so okay you know you know you know uh Michigan Penn State at Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know um so show here before I get into it as as as as as as as as as as as always be sure to like subscribe you know uh uh so uh well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get get get get get get get get get get get yourself some swag well I mean like okay uh um well well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day like like like like like like like like like like like so uh okay like well well so I mean you know and then a little little little little little little little little little little little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay you know okay well well so buy and sell La Crosse gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha. They literally named I mean so um um uh like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to you know so um um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my my my my my my my my my my my words because Nick was uh like okay um you know like like okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies enemies seven podcast um you know like um uh uh like like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is array. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host for a conspirator so um so like like like like like like like like like like like like well like well so like a this is my little kind of I guess you you you you you you you you you you you could say pod the caste okay you know um you know so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean. So I would say if there is anyone listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening thank you for tuning in. We just like well uh you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh well need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so so so so so so so so so so so What is this so so I mean um so you know well um so um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the see the see the the the the the the the the the the the see the see the see the see the see the see the see the see see see see see see see see see see see the name is like okay uh okay I mean okay so um uh well conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay well you know like I mean um you know uh and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like I mean you know well okay statement from Brandi Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's well I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well okay like I mean I mean so an open relationship with that. I I I I I I I I I I I don't know how it will have fun like well you know so like so so so so so so so so so so so well uh so I mean. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first before before before before before before before before before before before we get into the um uh well um you know okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this this this this this this this this this this this time, it is the easiest um well well uh well um um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay way to make a podcast and I encourage you to to to to to to to to to to to make your own podcast. It's uh so you know okay um uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh fun and it's free. It's free it's free it's free free free free free free free free free free free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free free free free free free free free free free free to download is free to be chord you talk I mean okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so um well so like uh okay. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it it it it it it it it it it it and make money while you're doing well um like okay you know um um so so so so so so so so so so so so okay it. There are creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right uh like okay like you know so okay so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay uh you know uh well like okay you know okay uh so. I I I I I I I I I I I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we we we we we we we we we we we talk about I mean I mean like you know so uh um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica like like like like like like like like like like like like um so uh okay you know like um okay Simpson book open book Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know I mean okay I mean you know well anything in case case case case case case case case case case case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know I mean you know okay uh I mean me if you you you you you you you you you you you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's so okay like well like like like like like like like like like like like uh so okay I mean you know back home - if I were John John John John John John John John John John John Mayer, I would be under okay like okay okay uh you know uh um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account account account account account account account account account account account. I don't follow um I mean uh uh I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well well well him just to see if people were commenting. That's like like like like like like like like like like like the rabbit okay um well like okay uh uh I mean so well hole. I went went went went went went went went went went went I went I went I went I went I went I went I went went went went went went went went went went went I went I went I went down when I read this but that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad it's not that um okay uh I mean I mean uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back we're back we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back back back back back back back back back back back we're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know like you know uh um Hannah burner from summer house. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I uh I uh I uh I I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so uh okay uh well I mean you know well think you you you you you you you you you you you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um so you know like you know I mean like and and and and and and and and and and and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here here here here here here here here here here here with uh well I mean uh so like um okay you know I mean Hannah from from from from from from from from from from from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like like like like like like like like like like like so um I mean okay okay uh you know like okay like comfortable in somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm so well so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um you know you know so I mean sorry never safe. Don't forget that that that that that that that that that that that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for you know well um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh like like like uh you know coming. I like being here for many many many many many many many many many many many reasons, but first of all because I feel like like um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know uh you know well you're what I would would would would would would would would would would would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know well um I mean you know okay you know you know I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know um so uh so I mean I mean and cursing out out out out out out out out out out out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what what what is what is what is up guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to the Sasha T show. So for this episode so so okay so you know um um um um um um um um um um um well so uh you know This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show show show show show show show show show show show that we do once well okay well uh well well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about about about about about about about about about about about to go uh so uh I mean um you know so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean okay I mean uh so hearing. So if so so so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back so well like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know okay you know okay like you know on it. So here we we we we we we we we we we we go. There he is now in so we're so uh so you know uh so well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um going to be able to get started in just a a a a a a a a a a a few seconds invited them to I okay you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so um well okay like not connecting and there is what's up. Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing timing timing timing timing timing timing timing timing timing timing. I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally just got.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso Paso smart pH here and welcomes up you know um like uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know okay an embargo episode today. This has this this this this this this this this this this this has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has has has has has has has has has has has this has this has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know okay well I mean I mean well so yeah, March Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know like I mean okay so well Look similar Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at like so you know know know know know know know know know know know well like okay well so so uh all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So So So So So So So So So So So quick background long premium Leisure corplan okay like you know I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like I mean corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna I I I I I I I I I I I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses. So on so on so on so on so on so on so on so so so so so so so so so so so on so on so on so on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of of of of of of of of of of of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough. Here's where I mean you know uh so um um um um um um um um um um um so like you know okay okay we are at this very moment. We know know know know know know know know know know know that in the United States the death toll uh um so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean I mean has climbed to 9 in addition. We know know know know know know know know know know know that those cases are I mean I mean I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like well so based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle. Most have occurred I mean uh like well you know like well like like like like like like like like like like like so okay. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a a a a a a a a a a a well so you know so okay uh like like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone. As I um so like okay so I mean okay um like okay mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing so well like so I mean uh like I mean uh so home home home home home home home home home home home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so well uh well I mean um so like had visited the the the the the the the the the the the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah well well well well well well well well well well well okay well um well uh you know you know okay uh. Yeah. Yeah the yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the yeah the yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about about about about about about about about about about about things. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I mean like like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk about talk about talk about talk about talk about talk about talk about talk about about about about about about about about about about about talk about talk about talk about some you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know well well uh um okay you know things today we go get into it it it it it it it it it it it. And basically and basically and basically and basically and basically and basically and basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically and basically and basically and basically and basically we go talk about the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know well you know I mean I mean okay okay system the the the the the the the the the the the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you know like like like like like like like like like like like like well like I mean um so like so you have a Mac bitter truth to to to to to to to to to to to break it down and I'm going to you know well so okay okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know uh get into it because a lot of people said, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my God, you break um I mean um you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't get into certain so well you know I mean okay um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um well things, but I get into what I know about. You know what what what what what what what what what what what okay so like I mean you know well I mean so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's stuff that that that that that that that that that that that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk club with Hunter like like okay uh um so you know like I mean okay all all all all all all all all all all all conus. And today and today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is is is is is is is is is is is actually talk about but I mean uh um I mean uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well um like well let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, he came up with like you know you know okay uh so uh so like like like like like like like like like like like like that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very very very very very very very very very very very proud of okay um um you know well okay so well well well that that that that that that that that that that that. Okay. Tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Bryson, and I'm well uh I mean I mean uh okay so well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which which which which which which which which which which which well um um so uh uh okay like um okay is very technical out. There. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did so I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay okay so well you know you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport I mean you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh like with an air of confidence. He nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know you know um you know he passed and strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was like you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know like I mean uh um well you know a well-known figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so well I mean like so you know okay. He encountered Williams approached the the the the the the the the the the the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so well um okay uh I mean uh. This wasn't unusual. It It It It It It It It It It It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to so um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well uh well um uh all Pilots regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his uh well so so so so so so so so so so so okay like okay so I mean like okay PanAm ID card and his certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified pilot's license. He was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was quickly assured aboard the next uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so like so um I mean like so uh available flight Frank settled into into into into into into into into into into into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated. He engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen and welcome to I mean you know I mean like well I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um well so the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Lanka Rises to the like like um like okay uh you know um well so so so so so so so so so so so top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and and and and and and and and and and and everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and and and and and and and and and and and everyone and everyone and everyone and I mean I mean so so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um okay um well welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast run by fans for fans um like like okay okay uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to okay so well I mean like um like like I mean like be be be be be be be be be be be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and so so so so so so so so so so so like like okay okay um like I mean well um having a look look look look look look look look look look look. Was been was been was been was been was been was been was been been been been been been been been been been been was been was been was been was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under under under under under under under under under under under Professor like like you know so you know so I mean um okay um Aldo Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in you know well well well well well well well well well well well um um you know well I mean okay well well Round Rock my Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and uh well so like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know you know so I mean eventually down to me in in in in in in in in in in in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to well so you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean um um um pay homage to the my God. Choice, but but but but but but but but but but but also to cover some topics rarely taught okay um so okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like um by professors professors only show technique in the the the the the the the the the the the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do well well like you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like okay uh well Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and and and and and and and and and and and respect just to name a you know okay okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay uh you know few join me each week as I dive into into into into into into into into into into into these topics and much more um okay well you know okay so you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh well now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business business business business business business business business business business business we're business we're business needs Beauty so like well I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um um like. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought provoking conversations with like okay um I mean well you know like like you you you you you you you you you you you know so business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to to to to to to to to to to to take your like you know okay well uh so like so well uh business to the the the the the the the the the the the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to well well well well well well well well well well well you know um well um uh uh well you know so share today's interview with with with with with with with with with with with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta so uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um so so uh okay um I mean. Angie is angie is angie is angie is angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie is angie is angie is angie is angie is angie is angie is a a a a a a a a a a a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so like I mean you know you know I mean a variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does does does does does does does does does does does like um you know um I mean like you know um so okay weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a she's a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a a a a a a a a a a a she's a she's a full-time makeup artist and well I mean um you know um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh I mean I really enjoyed talking with her her her her her her her her her her her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss I miss I miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss you guys. Hope you well like well so um um so uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before before before before before before before before before before before this episode starts like like uh so so uh like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is so um okay I mean okay so um um so well called catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought I thought I I I I I I I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought you okay like I mean so like um well well uh so know, what like like like like like like like like like like like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I mean like so uh so um okay up with me sounds like a a a a a a a a a a a good title. But then as I recorded the past you know okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh like okay um few episodes, I've noticed something something something something something something something something something something something I started to figure out what the theme of this like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like so okay okay well well podcast should be. So if you you you you you you you you you you you know notice a lot of the things that we like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay so um well I mean so covered from the past few episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is about mental health growing up and I mean I mean so so okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh well well I mean things we deal with as a teenager or as a a a a a a a a a a a young adult. So with that said uh so I mean okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know okay the new title of the podcast will be basically growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing up. I finally figure out what like well well uh um you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up up up up up up up up up up up is going to be so so okay um okay okay so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think think think think think think think think think think think okay I mean so um well uh you know uh so you know is important for for for for for for for for for for for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the the the the the the the the the the the upper okay uh so um you know I mean so uh so okay decker podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know you know so so okay like and the boys are back back back back back back back back back back back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little bit of you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay um well you know so so so like news nothing crazy. And then we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to get into our AL East and I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay well okay I mean at least predictions and stats and all all all all all all all all all all all that stuff. So the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the so the only real big news news news news news news news news news news news like like okay well well like well I mean you know I mean that I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little little little little little little little little little little little Daniel uh I mean um you know um so you know okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring staring staring staring staring staring staring staring staring staring staring at him. He's there he's there he's there he's there he's there he's there there there there there there there there there there there he's there he's there he's there he's there he's there on the so well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay so I mean I mean like you know I mean floor and and and and and and and and and and and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well you know you know so uh well this this this this this this this this this this this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going going going going going going going going going going going like well you know um you know uh like so um you know to to to to to to to to to to to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that so so well um well you know I mean like so um um um um um um um um um um um I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and and and and and and and and and and and well um so I mean okay like um you know um I mean what what what what what what what what what what what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean uh well um uh um um make sure to to to to to to to to to to to stay all the way to the end because I just started well um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean uh so okay uh I mean you know a new new new new new new new new new new new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a a a a a a a a a a a so so I mean I mean um well okay you know so well random random random random random random random random random random random question from Instagram. My name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is Lisa mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom of six and creator of so I mean uh um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join join join join join join join join join join join me as I share with you um I mean uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well I mean uh um my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this and this is my my my my my my my my my my my video coaching newsletter and the topic of I mean um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay um um today's newsletter is going to be struggling with with with with with with with with with with with my purpose in life. This I mean well okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean is something that I think pretty much every man man man man man man man man man man man struggles with because the reality is uh you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like um um you're not going to stay positive all the the the the the the the the the the the time. You're not always going to well okay you know you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know um well feel like things are going to work out in in in in in in in in in in in your favor. You're not well um like like I mean well so like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to so so so so so so so so so so so well you know like okay you know I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh you know um you know uh you know like like inspired. And other other other other other other other other other other other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so okay so so uh uh like okay you're just a ridiculous hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so so like like so I mean okay you know ear and your life telling you what a stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid idea that you've embarked on or that um you know so you know like like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um you know business you want to build or that career career career career career career career career career career career you want to have is just unrealistic so you know uh okay so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows what he wants. He's figured he's figured he's figured he's figured he's figured he's figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured he's figured he's figured he's figured he's figured he's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay well uh um okay I mean uh is just March March March March March March March March March March March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like uh okay um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um well well we have described in the last couple of episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes. We have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have a very high bar on on on on on on on on on on on um I mean so you know so I mean okay like um like the show show show show show show show show show show show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like um so uh uh well like you know greatest month that we we we we we we we we we we we have on the calendar and as I've always stated well uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well okay so it is the goal of this show to give the college college college college college college college college college college college basketball fan the um well you know like well uh uh so like so best best best best best best best best best best best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you well like like like like like like like like like like like uh um so you know okay like uh you know think about the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea of transcending a space and you think about the great you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well okay like uh um well you know speeches that we have had in in in in in in in in in in in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into uh so um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know I mean well office some of the great words words words words words words words words words words words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable well so so so you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay you know okay uh life and that brought me on the ride over over over over over over over over over over over to the studio today to you know you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like well you know you know like some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't want to bring our speaker today today today today today today today today today today today Amber huizar. She's the wife to you know like well well you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh okay uh well a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and and and and and and and and and and and one princess Addison also known like uh uh okay uh well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do do do do do do do do do do do you um um uh you know so I mean well uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know like um uh um like justice. She is a certified paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach um okay well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay um coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her her her her her her her her her her her family currently, she I mean so okay um um so okay like okay well well well well well well well well well well well and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San San San San San San San San San San San Diego, um well like okay so so uh so like like California. However, she feels her her her her her her her her her her her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen okay well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh um you know I mean welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am not dead. This This This This This This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is Bryson uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh uh like you know you know um and I'm here with Alonzo my first first first first first first first first first first first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know um well well um uh okay uh How are you dealing with all this this this this this this this this this this this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling okay okay um okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh I mean so in your room or you really sad about it or or or or or or or or or or or what's going okay you know like okay like I mean so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay on? Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I I I I I I I I I I I you know you know you know I mean uh well like um I mean like feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean okay well like okay like so and together. We We We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are the witch and the medium. Life's full full full full full full full full full full full of tough choices in um well so you know um you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't we haven't we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't we haven't discussed the subject of payment, okay okay you know uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really really really really really really really really really really really a trifle okay uh um like uh okay like well I mean okay what what what what what what what what what what what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay so you know uh well okay uh so have your looks your your your your your your your your your your your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are are are are are are are are are are friends uh okay um so well like uh you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with you know know know know know know know know know know know um so you know okay okay uh you know um you know us today, and and and and and and and and and and and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um so I mean you know okay so San Diego, California. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with well well well well well well well well well well well um you know okay um like so okay well okay you guys some of some amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So to uh well okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so uh me, that's right. The two of us us us us us us us us us us us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right okay well so you know well well well well well well well well well well well like well like um I mean. So we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so so we're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so so uh like I mean well um uh I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't care. How do we express this? How do we what do we like you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh um um okay I mean well you know think of what we title title title title title title title title title title title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would would would would would like okay uh like so um well uh um so so to encourage all all all all all all all all all all all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like you know I mean okay you know well Todd FM to get get get get get get get get get get get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well um like uh like I did not know, you know publishing podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast was so easy. If I had only okay you know okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like I mean okay known it like five ten years before early because because because because because because because because because because because all I need to do is uh like um I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just just just just just just just click post and um I mean you know uh well well like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in in in in in in in in in in in all I mean okay um um um um uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not not not not not not not not not not not need like well well you know um so uh okay so um to do do do do do do do do do do do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh um um uh um like okay okay make use of it. If you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you have a message if you have some some some some some some some some some some some come I mean like so okay uh you know okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world world world world world world world world world or I mean you know I mean uh like you know um okay like like like like like like like like like like like so simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone. Welcome to well like so you know you know so uh well so well well well well well well well well well well well buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have restarted my uncle more than you know like I mean like um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like you know a practice and it was very very very very very very very very very very very very good. I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you you you you you you you you you you you like well well you know I mean you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share share share share share share share share share share share it on uh um like I mean you know well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Facebook, it's uh I mean uh like uh I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well Olivia Towers dressage. Also if also if also if also if also if also also also also also also also also also also also if also if also if also if also if also if you're listening to us us us us us us us us us us us on iTunes, I would love you well um um so you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay to leave a review and I can't wait to see what what what what what what what what what what what you think of it so like I mean I mean I mean like like well um um um um um um um um um um um so. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with with with with with with with with with with with the well I mean okay um like like um so um so lovely Danny Morgan. I I I I I I I I I I I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well you know you know okay you know I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh so okay you know so like well guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program okay like um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um okay well okay uh the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming is like a landline and strict on okay uh like I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so you know but no by at go by by by by by by by by by by by in a module on barring my muscle like so well well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know okay cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or or or or or or or or or or or Drogo. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps you know you know okay I mean you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running okay okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so so well well for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many many many many many many many many many many many incredible Runners on you know so um so um okay you know um so like like like like like like like like like like like my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversations um okay like well you know you know I mean like um um. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much uh so so so so so so so so so so so so uh well you know uh um well so for joining today. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So So So So So So So So So So So you know okay like I mean you know you know you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like so let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an an an an an an an an an an an athlete and also an educator. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something something something something something something something something something something something. What you okay okay um I mean you know so so uh so so so so so so so so so so so so know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire well so so so so so so so so so so so uh so well um uh um like like life. That there's something wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our our our our our our our our our our our okay okay I mean so I mean I mean so so so okay manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so so like um well so well well good friends of ours and and and and and and and and and and and both of them - yeah, so we want so like okay okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay so to talk to them because they are the key ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients to this major event well so like okay uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well so coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the the the the the the the the the the the bear I mean uh okay I mean like um I mean you know uh um Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's official title title title title title title title title title title title. Basically like a whole like I mean uh like you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th of April. So in so in so in so in so in so so so so so so so so so so so in so in so in so in so in so in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know uh okay so so well Deluxe 20 along with D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4. And today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today we brought in a special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest from way back uh uh so like uh so uh I mean so so in the day. So So So So So So So So So So So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so um I mean I mean you know I mean. So our so so so so so so so so so so so our so our so our so our so our so our so our so our so our our our our our our our our our our our so our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's so what's so so so so so so so so so so so what's so what's so what's so what's so what's so what's so what's so what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's so what's up Miss well like okay I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, well you know I mean okay so like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay well it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a a a a a a a a a a a hot minute like nine years I mean um you know so so okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so um. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on on on on on on on on on on on you every well well um so uh okay okay so you know like once in in in in in in in in in in in a while go into stream. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we we we we we we we we we we we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked randomly and stuff like that. So like I mean well uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um not as much I guess for you and I but as far as as as as as as as as as as as playing uh so well so well well uh okay okay okay and all that stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always always always always always always always always always always always amazed uh um you know well well well okay um okay well with much League League League League League League League League League League League hosting skills, huh? I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh well like okay um um okay I mean mean, I wasn't really really really really really really really really really really really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already I've already I've already already already already already already already already already already already I've already I've already I've already I've already I've already I've already I've already I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've already listened well uh uh I mean uh I mean okay okay um you know to to to to to to to to to to to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay so um of stuff to go over today. Not really because we we we we we we we we we we we just watch the same teams play so uh I mean uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well so for the last five weeks, but we got hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of like uh you know okay well um I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so um you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to to to to to to to to to to to the companion uh well you know okay you know um so um so like stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan uh okay well um uh I mean like like you know okay. So now you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh um like you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into into into into into into into into into into into like well well um uh um okay uh you know uh your own insecurities about about about about about about about about about about about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with um okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so okay you know so I mean my selections about you. You were were were were were were were were were were were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke um you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well uh uh uh um up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would we would we would we would we would we would we would we we we we we we we we we we we would we would we would we would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are are are are are are are are are are are visiting together on this you know uh um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the the the the the the the the the the the creator of your own so okay so okay well well I mean uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that that that that that that that that that that that okay I mean like I mean so okay so well I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you are you are in the process of creating most of you two okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um so well you know well so I mean realities contrast is is is is is is is is is is is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater well like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know I mean well uh well um like Source. In other words words words words words words words words words words words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so like well so uh um um so eternal. Well being that you you you you you you you you you you you are and you are also in the process well okay well well so so so so so so so so so so so like okay like well okay of creating the reality of how you feel right now now now now now now now now now now now this red hot minute and we so well well um um so you you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh want those realities to merge and the only way that those those those those those those those those those those those realities can merge is for well um um um well you know um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you to come with us in other words because we're not going going going going going going going going going going going with you so uh like okay um so uh well um well. We are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your your your your your your your your your your your world because I mean like uh you know well well um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of these crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes listener discretion is advised this episode I mean okay I mean so um like um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some some some some some some some some some some some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme uh uh um so well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know I mean Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old old old old old old old old old old old Alia ta was um well you know so I mean so um so so so so so so so so so so so um well searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party party party party party party party party party party party so you know well like I mean I mean well so okay like when when when when when when when when when when when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um you know so okay like um you know uh acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well well well well well well well well well well well. They well okay like like uh um um uh you know like had just started volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay like um uh you know okay like you know they'd hardly spoken but Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali didn't want to be rude. So she so she so she so she so so so so so so so so so so so she so she so she so she so she so she so she replied replied replied replied replied replied replied replied replied replied replied to I mean so um okay well okay well okay um um Michelle's message message message message message message message message message message message telling her she was about to head out to a party like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh uh I mean so you know um um Ali thought that would be be be be be be be be be be be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the the the Love is so I mean you know so uh okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here here here here here here here here here here here. Here. We um you know uh uh like I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi guys. So I mean uh I mean um like um okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like well good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's I I I I I I I I I I I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's um uh well so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta ya betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta betta ya betta ya betta ya betta ya betta ya betta ya betta ya betta ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya betta ya betta is that okay you know well I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um okay I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have have have have have have have have have have have the like well so okay you know okay okay well so I mean family family family family family family family family family family family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually um um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean um like like you know you know talk with with with with with with with with with with with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like like like um uh I mean you know you know is intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know um uh I mean you know okay like uh reference to to to to to to to to to to to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and um so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh um um you know you know you know is is is is is is is is is is is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well so so so you know uh I mean um the sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement like like like like like like like like like like like like like um okay um um I mean well uh or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any any any any any any any any any any any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been I mean you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well like like recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my my my my my my my my my my my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean um you know you know okay uh well um toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay so well uh I mean uh well okay heroine start brushing on the top top top top top top top top top top top of your mouth and brush the inside the like so you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well like well I mean okay you know outside in the chewing side side side side side side side side side side side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk well well um you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know like I mean I mean okay about heroic women from history tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who okay well like okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well well so may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened. But this is the story well like like okay um well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so that people have told about what happened many years ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. In the 1700s before America you know well like okay like well well so so so so so so so so so so so okay um was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh um okay like okay uh well I mean Ford copilot 360 a a a a a a a a a a a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to well you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so well uh like help you outsmart some of the obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart uh I mean um um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know okay I mean uh and then there's Street Smart the the the the the the the the the the the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew okay okay like like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well like through the Streets of London 1 August day in in in in in in in in in in in 1802 though the wind blustered in the like so uh like um um um um um um um um um um um um well so I mean well shingles rattled outside. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a well you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like I mean you know you know small dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South joanna South joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna South South South South South South South South South South South joanna South joanna South Kant um I mean I mean um well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know well uh was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna braced herself as she felt well you know you know well you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like well an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions of life like well I mean you know okay like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host Dustin okay so okay okay so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with with with with with with with with with with with people of diverse and okay you know you know uh um well well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through through through through through through through through through through through each other's unique I mean like I mean I mean um okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like like perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they they they they they they they they they they they I mean uh so um okay like well well so I mean did to do do do do do do do do do do do to live and to act but certainty the things most you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh well um so you know so of us believe 40 years ago. However However However However However However However However However However However certain we were about them so okay okay okay so uh so you know so so so so so so so so so so so so. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to to to to to to to to to to to you like like okay um um so I mean you know okay like from the the the the the the the the the the the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you what you what you you you you you you you you you you you what you what you what you what you what you what you what you what you like like like like like like like like like like like you know um I mean well so um so so you know doing? Oh watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay uh okay um well okay okay know I cannot believe you you you you you you you you you you you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two like so so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know you know um girls and one phone. What the the the the the the the the the the the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding okay like I mean I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like you know like like. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is is is is is is is is is is is what it is. Why or why or why or why or why or why why why why why why why why why why why or why or why or why or why or why or um well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well okay like um how was your day? It was good. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just gonna catch up on some like so uh uh so I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Netflix. Have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang hey gang hey gang hey gang hey gang hey gang hey gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang hey gang hey gang hey gang hey gang JV here due to its length length length length length length length length length length length. This episode of Beyond reality has uh I mean like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh so been divided into two parts. This is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is part 2 in which we talk about Tim so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean you know um you know uh well Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so like uh uh uh so only claims. The Antichrist is already already already already already already already already already already already Among Us. He actually he actually he actually he actually he actually he actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually he actually he actually he actually he actually he actually identifies him both are are are are are are are are are are are fascinating um uh okay okay like you know you know okay well uh discussions. So, please please please please please please please please please please please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well so so so uh so so like long and the dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether uh um well um um um um um um um um um um um well so uh okay you know uh it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in the right place. Let's go beyond okay um uh like okay well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um so reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including including including including including including including including including including including the Antichrist in well uh I mean like I mean okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh a cup of tea. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going to be talking about that next. But before okay okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know um you know you know we do just just just just just just just just just just just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found well you know um so well well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know I mean like our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search search search search search search search search search search search for JV Johnson when you find you know you know um so like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is today is today is today is today is today today today today today today today today today today today is today is today is today is today is today is Monday, March March March March March March March March March March March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This like this this this this this this this this this this this like this like this like this like this like this like this like like like like like like like like like like like this like this like this like well um okay you know like uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like well is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining me on the call you know I mean okay um okay like well like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one one one one one one one one one one one on this uh like I mean well um uh okay like well okay morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray for you you know so okay okay okay um you know I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at at at at at at at at at at at home today, which um so okay I mean so okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but well well well well well well well well well well well well um you know I mean well you know you know you know so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm staying home today. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not not not not not not not not not not not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to make um uh I mean um like you know okay you know okay like sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So So So So So So So So So So So uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh so uh so uh so uh uh um well like uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate I mean well I mean like you know like you know you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions have uh well so like well well um um um you know tried to to to to to to to to to to to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay um okay like okay these episodes on The Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We you know um so so so so so so so so so so so like so okay uh so so well tell the complicated stories behind the world's most most most most most most most most most most most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow you know okay uh I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well like so you know okay conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past um well like well uh well like like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh well well like uh okay so um Ebola with Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like like uh you know I mean well gear separately could've and and and and and and and and and and and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome okay like so so so so so so so so so so so okay like so well well um you know my hoodie. And how job job job job job job job job job job job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean you know you know like you know you know to yeah, he shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know uh well like joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You You You You You You You You You You You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are are are are are are are there so I mean so you know well uh uh well um so to to to to to to to to to to to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in in in in in in in in in in in okay like okay you know um well I mean uh you know um the right right right right right right right right right right right place. Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go beyond reality. We got a great great great great great great great great great great great show tonight. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really uh okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know okay I mean well excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes um you know well so so so so so so so so so so so okay so uh okay uh well everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness if they're willing to unblock like like I mean okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay okay themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go go go go go go go go go go go of I mean I mean I mean okay well um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh like you know okay like like so uh on reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean uh uh uh uh I mean you know hug daughter of of of of of of of of of of of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so well like you know well like so Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain well okay um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know well well at about 11:00. Deed and deed and deed deed deed deed deed deed deed deed deed deed deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's show. So tune out if you want so well I mean um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well you know um to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season season season season season season season season season season season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison I mean um I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know you know so Pruitt with seen in in in in in in in in in in in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description um okay so so so so so so so so so so so like so well you know okay so you know and I along with with with with with with with with with with with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well um okay I mean uh uh going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that that that that that that that that that that that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was you know like so okay so well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean um announced as next season's leading woman. So let so so so so so so so so so so so let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let so so so so so so so so so so so let so let me get this straight. Maddie was filming um um okay um um um um um um um um um um um so uh you know like like okay something weeks after production wrapped, but but but but but but but but but but but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the um you know like well well well well well well well well well well well like uh well I mean so uh winner of this season, right? Is there is is is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is is is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would have been you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh well okay um so like you know like filming this is unconfirmed. But as as as as as as as as as as as of right now I see no other explanation unless so uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well I mean okay so y'all have other theories. Let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so uh like well so like I've got for today on Bachelor News News News News News News News News News News News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, so like you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay like you know um I just did a deep dive on her her her her her her her her her her her earlier today. So check that out on this like you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like like well uh okay I mean uh channel and make sure you you you you you you you you you you you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 um like um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so so like okay p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for for for for for for for for for for for the okay well so well well okay like you know I mean you know word of God God God God God God God God God God God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um well um okay okay like labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland uh so okay uh like well um like like like like like like like like like like like um well. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in in in in in in in in in in in suburban Chicago um uh okay like I mean like I mean well well um she she she she she she she she she she she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves on the so like so so um you know uh um you know well committee. That That That That That That That That That That That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a a a a a a a a a a a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking to Liam classy. He's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a a a a a a a a a a a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a like like so okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know well I mean CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education education education education education education education education education education education Association, and on this podcast, we've okay okay well you know I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before before before before before before before before before before before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura so so so uh so um well um well well well well well well well well well well well uh Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We We We We We We We We We We We also well um well well um um well well like well talked to Obey about about about about about about about about about about about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um uh I mean uh the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and and and and and and and and and and and episode 75. So the people who listen like okay I mean you know so like like like like like like like like like like like like uh um uh to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from from from from from from from from from from from different areas of the world. So like I mean uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay um I mean well we're going to keep finding people who know know know know know know know know know know know them well to explain them on the like um uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so like uh um pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons and well um uh like I mean like um like you know well Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well like uh um um I mean I mean lie - man man man man man man man man man man man. That's right. And this and this and this and this and this and this this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this week we we we we we we we we we we we are going to be talking okay okay um uh okay so so okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser I mean I mean uh okay um like okay okay um I mean questions again again again again again again again again again again again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like well um okay you know of them. So send send send send send send send send send send send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay like so okay but before all that Ali are you games games games games games games games games games games games this week? So since so since so since so since so since so since so since so so so so so so so so so so so since so since so since so since the first I mean I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so so so um you know um I mean so time since we started playing doing this this this this this this this this this this this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've okay like like um so well well well well well well well well well well well okay um so like been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get well well well well well well well well well well well so well like like okay um I mean I mean like to play. I I I I I I I I I I I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, uh okay so like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh I mean I mean not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast so okay okay uh I mean I mean well um okay so so so so so so so so so so so. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know I mean you know um well right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it it can be like you know um you know I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money money from your well like okay I mean well so you know like so well well well well well well well well well well well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in in I mean um I mean okay uh um well like okay okay one place. Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the download the download the download the download the download the download the download download download download download download download download download download download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go to incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred on FM to get started um um so so well um like okay okay so. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so uh uh so um I mean like okay a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so okay uh okay like with additional Fellowship training in integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative medicine. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape with Ford copilot uh so so well so so well um um you you you you you you you you you you you know 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to to to to to to to to to to help you outsmart some so okay uh like like like you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then then then then then then then then then then then there's like I mean okay okay like well uh so so I mean Street Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay um um well uh you know this day in 1972 Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was uh so so so so so so so so so so so so um well well like um like I mean raped strangled and dumped after she she she she she she she she she she she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim I kim I kim I kim I kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim I kim I kim I kim I kim I kim I kim I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um well well so like like like was the first first first first first first first first first first first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the um so okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um you know I mean Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my my my my my my my my my my my Saturday night talk uh uh um uh um so you know well like well well well well well well well well well well well for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with with with with with with with with with with with other um um I mean you know okay so I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring and now I you know like I mean well well I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like okay so always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day day day day day day day day day day day. I'd only well you know you know I mean like uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to to to to to to to to to to to shop a super well you know okay um I mean uh uh okay um like like like like like like like like like like like work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always so so so so so so so so so so so so okay well um like you know I mean I mean okay write a a a a a a a a a a a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um uh uh uh uh okay uh like the liver because because because because because because because because because because because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know well like you know I mean I mean so remember what what what what what what what what what what what you're saying. So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I have a text in front front front front front front front front front front front of me. So okay I mean so so uh well uh I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to to to to to to to to to to to talk about a little bit like you know I mean okay well like well like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best best best best best best best best best best best things like so well you know okay uh you know okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a lot okay like like um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like okay uh I mean of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from so um I mean um okay you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so so um your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor um um well um like well I mean um uh so up or go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started check it out okay um so like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing changing changing changing changing changing changing changing changing changing changing the title of this podcast to sick uh so so okay uh okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be be be be be be be be be be be sitting down um like like uh um you know you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't mean you have like well well okay um I mean so um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit our so like so I mean like like so okay I mean I mean website website website website website website website website website website website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask you how like okay uh okay well so uh uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like so so okay you know you know I see your hands? Wow, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? okay okay okay okay uh so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean well Oh good. You how about those who do not not not not not not not not not not not want to admit their age 30 above I mean so you know okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like I mean uh so that everything is now since our our our our our our our our our our our topic is about emotion, like don't allow I mean I mean you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um I mean so okay it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce you? Okay, like okay, like okay, like okay, like okay, like okay, like okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, like okay, like okay, like okay, like okay, like well I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like um you know uh you know you know what's up guys? My name is Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to this. You already know who you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like okay so I mean okay um um like I am am am am am am am am am am am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so so so so so so so so so so so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, how's it it it it it it it it it it it going? Okay, well okay, well okay, well okay, well okay, well okay, well well well well well well well well well well well okay, well okay, well okay, well okay, well okay, well uh I mean um um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh well um so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going going going going going going going going going going going to mention McMurray the uh okay uh um like I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean rest of this podcast because we we went to tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank. It's all about the okay so you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like uh like only school we went to but we are currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently driving. Back to back to back to back to back to back to to to to to to to to to to to back to back to back to back to back to Abilene for like like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean like okay I mean like um alumni weekend Don't ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask either of us why we had really don't have any other so so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so so like I mean um excuse. Yeah. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't know why we going. All right guys before we okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um so uh I mean you know you know I mean jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh um you know you know um you know uh heard of Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything so like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like okay okay like uh I mean you need is in one place. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um um so um you know you know well um here today. I I I I I I I I I I I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean um I mean like so so kind of like dating preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know um so I mean well like okay uh don't really know what to to to to to to to to to to to say about myself, but I guess I go to school um um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know I mean I mean with a Brielle. That's how we we we we we we we we we we we met and I study social work and I consider uh so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um so I mean uh uh myself a polyamorous person or identify as as as as as as as as as as as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle okay you know um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean I mean I mean. So and what how would you describe polyamory? polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory So to me polyamory is the ability so well so uh well I mean well like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if if if if you so um I mean uh okay well you know well so like want to to to to to to to to to to to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that so you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know well like you know okay like okay Madison Pruitt with seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the uh so so so so so so so so so so so like like so you know you know I mean like well description and I along along along along along along along along along along along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was um so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean so so um like you know uh certainly going to be be be be be be be be be be be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire okay so okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh I mean like uh Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So So So So So So So So So So So let me get this straight uh I mean uh like okay well so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not not not not not not not not not not not the Bachelorette so uh you know okay um well okay okay okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is there any other reason well um uh you know well you know I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um like Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now now now now now now now now now now now I so uh I mean so okay okay um okay uh okay see see see see see see see see see see see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me know know know know know know know know know know know okay um well so you know um um okay uh well your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor like like like like like like like like like like like so you know uh well okay you know um well okay News Daily. But if if if if if if if if if if if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive so you know well well well well well well well well well well well so um I mean uh I mean like like on her earlier today. So check check check check check check check check check check check that out on this channel and make sure you I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay well um so well you know like check out our Bachelor after after after after after after after after after after after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know you know so okay um uh okay just like I I I I I I I I I I I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is okay well like like like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean like I mean you know you know a real real real real real real real real real real real real thing. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, who loves music Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never like so like like I mean so um um well well well well well well well well well well well so met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one one one one one one one one one one one he is so well I mean well like so um you know well well well well well well well well well well well well the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what what what what what what what what what what what is that so so um I mean okay um uh like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and home pod? And he and he and he and he and he and and and and and and and and and and and he and he and he and he and he and he will point to to to to to to to to to to to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch um well um you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh like uh it. It'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play play play play play play play play play play play it'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play he'll smile smile smile smile smile smile smile smile smile smile smile held down. He loves music. He loved he loved he loved he loved he loved he he he he he he he he he he he loved he loved he loved he loved he loved he loved music so okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know so like well okay okay you know so much to the point where if if if if if if if if if if if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay okay uh so um like he does the the the the the the the the the the the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was well okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh well well so kind of in like a are we we we we we we we we we we we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um like I mean to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's like are you like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like you know um I mean um um a little upset? So yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just we just we just we just we we we we we we we we we we we just we just we just we just we just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one one one one one one one one one one one eye open. Sweet okay like uh you know like like uh okay like um cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again again again again again again again again again again again calling in uh you know you know um so uh uh you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we um well well well uh you know um um you know you know have a a a a a a a a a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other other other other other other other other other other other. Yeah, well um okay I mean you know well so uh I mean um she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according according according according according according according according according according according to Valentino male. Hello. We're um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um uh okay so well here. We're here we're here here here here here here here here here here here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here here here here here here here here here here here we're here we're here we're here today talking to each other to discuss are both both both both both both both both both both both of ours top well so well um like um so okay well well well well well well well well well well well like to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer he like I mean so uh you know um so so um um um um um um um um um um um okay plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and and and and and and and and and and and hockey uh um well well well okay so I mean like uh I play soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right all right right right right right right right right right right right all right all right all right all right all right all right right right right right right right right right right right all right all right all right you know okay well well um okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first first first first first first first first first first first injury from okay like uh okay so like you know well okay you know way back back back back back back back back back back back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh like you know so okay you know uh uh wife you this this this this this this this this this this this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is is is is is is is is is is is she I'm Jeanna giese are um okay well okay well I mean okay uh well um um um um um um um um um um um and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you you you you you you you you you you you could well okay uh uh like okay like well um I mean just keep doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean um like um okay uh chat with us about Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay you know um like I mean well Beth. So good to see see see see see see see see see see see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since well um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh okay um okay last week when we recorded together. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh I mean sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you you you you you you you you you you you so much Beth. It's a delight you know um well like I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um you know um like to be with you. I mean, it's a delight delight delight delight delight delight delight delight delight delight delight for me. I'm just thrilled to you know well like uh well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh um see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She She She She She She She She She She She just raving about you. I okay I mean well I mean like well like you you you you you you you you you you you know like like almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading faster like uh uh uh okay well uh I mean uh uh than the the the the the the the the the the the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh I mean okay um I mean so you know okay spreading all throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh um uh you know uh so uh I mean if it and and and and and and and and and and and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know um uh um well discovered that in the last 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality with okay I mean um well well um like well like like your host me me me me me me me me me me me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to well like um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh well well so well discover more about spirituality where we can get weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens uh uh so uh like like well like um um um um um um um um um um um uh religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of of of of of of of of of of of you know so uh like so I mean um I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In um well well well well well well well well well well well like well um I mean um you know you know so other shows will have have have have have have have have have have have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll um you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well so like so join me on this journey as we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss in open up about what spirituality in okay like so okay okay uh um so so so so so so so so so so so so well today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy healer and breathwork so I mean so you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't um like like okay uh so uh I mean uh well have a business business business business business business business business business business business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you so um uh okay well um I mean like uh uh don't have customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean um like like you know well shop. Here's what to to to to to to to to to to to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies to revitalize like okay like you know you know uh you know so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results results results results results results results results results results results so uh I mean um you know you know uh okay well you know ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay um uh okay well okay I mean from the red into into into into into into into into into into into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH um like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean well like well well um with Airbnb automated and let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome um um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh okay uh well you know back are being the family these eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so okay like I mean okay um you know to order them and level of of of of of of of of of of of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence you know uh uh uh okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know so. Some of these are going to be super simple to to to to to to to to to to to implement. They're just going to uh I mean so like well okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought some I mean I mean um uh uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like so might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised this uh I mean uh I mean um you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that that that that that that that that that that that some people may find offensive um uh so well you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean. We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we we we we we we we we we we we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for for for for for for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was I mean okay like okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so um I mean irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had had had had had had had had had had had dragged her to this cramped office. The so um um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like so um I mean well whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the the the the the the the the the the the lawyer guy Jeff. What you know uh well so well well like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa well well well well well well well well well well well you know um like well you know so so so I mean you're involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled so uh so okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh like okay um his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just just just just just just just just just just just what okay like like uh you know well so I mean like like we we we we we we we we we we we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is the more um um well um like okay uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know know know know know know know know know know know what you're I mean uh uh uh okay I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so so um talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry be more that uh well uh you know you know uh well like um well well well well well well well well well well well makes sense. Us be us be us be us be us be us us us us us us us us us us us be us be us be us be us be us be more yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh um you know I mean you know special extended edition episode on liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay well like you know well I mean is Curtis. Kedi. The my my my my my my my my my my my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so uh I mean I mean I mean well cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in in in in in in in in in in in the um well you know so I mean I mean um uh you know uh name name name name name name name name name name name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called it's called it's called a well uh I mean like like I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like you know um mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological theological theological theological theological theological theological theological theological theological theological virtue by which like I mean okay well um okay okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our our our our our our our our our our our um okay so you know uh well okay um like okay trust in Christ promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean well okay help of the grace of the Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive I mean like uh um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay well so for Holiness we strive to become a saint as as as as as as as as as as as something which is possible but not uh um like like uh like like um um um um um um um um um um um well um yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope first and I mean well um like uh uh I mean um so you you you you you you you you you you you know active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this this this this this this this this this this this. If you um like uh well I mean uh okay um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So So So So So So So So So So So let um I mean um like you know uh I mean I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to well well well well well well well well well well well like well you know I mean so okay I mean you know well do there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh like like uh um from your phone or computer. So So So So So So So So So So So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay you know well I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And And And And And And And And And And And so like I mean you know um okay so um so uh so many many many many many many many many many many many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well so I mean like. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And And And And And And And And And And And I mean uh I mean uh so um so okay you know okay this is our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I um like so you you you you you you you you you you you know um so so um um you know prayed this word increases your faith and and and and and and and and and and and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with like you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know I mean okay like um God through Christ. Jesus our jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus our jesus our jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this this this this this this this this this this this one you know okay okay okay I mean uh um okay I mean well. Can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here here here here here here here here here here here. Is it um I mean uh um you know well um uh um so so so so so so so so so so so possible for you to give me the scripture? I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just quoted second chronicles so well like like uh well okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so um 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so okay you know so like um like you know Sunday. I I I I I I I I I I I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so like I mean um I mean you know and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um you know uh well like well you know. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is the first of the month today today today today today today today today today today today and which I really okay well so you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on on on on on on on on on on on the so uh um like well so um uh uh I mean first of of of of of of of of of of of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the uh so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean okay okay well like okay like Lord you are here. There are are are are are are are are are are are so many people that didn't see out last uh so well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay okay well you know month and you've got to be grateful that that that that that that that that that that that you are here you are present you are I mean you know so okay so like like like like like like like like like like like okay so okay uh able to make some changes this month if you you you you you you you you you you you weren't happy with last month and you I mean well you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well so uh uh uh you know can make a difference and I want you you you you you you you you you you you to see that as something Really really I mean like okay um you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay um um really serious and really something to be so grateful for for for for for for for for for for for because sometimes we uh uh okay so well like well like well like just just just just just just just just just just just take things for granted. We stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good good good good good good good good good good good turning to me for to okay um I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so so like um find out it's like well don't look look look look look look look look look look look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I am so so so so so so so so so so so so like okay so you know I mean uh um uh. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good good good good good good good good good good good now that we're in a new setting which you'll so um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay you know Be announcing shortly. We will we will we will will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will we we we we we we we we we we we will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well um you know like uh week? We have Holly and Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are I mean like you know well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots to talk about. Yeah, you know like so um you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well uh so it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new new new new new new new new new new new home. So uh like so so well you know I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson and I mean so well well so so like I mean so like his his his his his his his his his his his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well like you know I mean well 69 is now forever synonymous with the the the the the the the the the the the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge so okay uh um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so okay so a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time to learn some true you know you know uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay okay um crime history in this trivia podcast every episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We cover we cover we cover we cover we cover we cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover we cover we cover we cover we cover we cover a new topic like like like like like like like like like like like the headline-making um like you know well so well like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean you know so so I mean um okay their way way way way way way way way way way way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved so um so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so um so well like notoriety this week. We're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e like so you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean um you know like I mean um podcast. My name name name name name name name name name name name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one so one so one one one one one one one one one one one so one so one so one so one so one so one so one one one one one one one one one one one so one of the things I mean you know like I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay okay I mean that I wanted to do when I started started started started started started started started started started started this podcast is explore topics that um okay like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well I am interested in and I want to learn more about about about about about about about about about about about and one of I mean I mean um okay so so um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? business business business business business business business business business business like um um like like um um okay okay uh How do you get the necessary licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what and what and what and what what what what what what what what what what what and what and what and what and what and what and what and what uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so like like okay so you know like are some of of of of of of of of of of of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider uh well like well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay like uh like before starting their business which is why I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative okay you know so um well you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the the the the the the the the the the the leading Shopify and Shopify plus I mean uh well um okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean uh okay expert digital agency here in the Middle East East East East East East East East East East East they work with local and international brands in like you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know uh um the Middle East some of which include the names names names names names names names names names names names of shallow group to so like I mean you know like well well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so well well I mean um I mean like learn from stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know well uh you know uh like I mean cussing unless absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely necessary. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome to measure once once once once once once once once once once once cut twice podcast. I'm uh you know well uh um okay so like um well well well well well well well well well well well your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend Bobby well so you know um so like you know I mean like uh Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say they say they they they they they they they they they they they say they say they say they say they say they say they say they they they they they they they they they they they say they say wisdom well um like uh you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know comes with age. Not always the case. Do you you you you you you you you you you you say that? I don't know um so um I mean so um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know who said that I heard it in the song one time time time time time time time time time time time. I think Bobby Joe like uh uh well well I mean uh I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin well um um okay well uh like you know uh you know in the name name name name name name name name name name name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well um so um you know you know okay um called a mind all all all all all all all all all all all those we promise to pray for. I think the most okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like I mean exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God God God God God God God God God God God already had you and okay okay uh well well um uh like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well well I mean like uh uh like like of history history history history history history history history history history history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay okay I mean you know um okay for for for for for for for for for for for this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh you know you know um okay I mean uh you know will will will will will will will will will will will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two no two no two two two two two two two two two two two no two no two no two no two no two no two no two two two two two two two two two two two no two of us are alike. God so okay um well like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here here here here here here here here here here here wanting to okay well okay like like uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's an it's an it's an it's an idea um like um well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay well like that we had talked about in the past past past past past past past past past past past and we're just wanting to make it I mean well well um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay like you know a reality now. Yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world well uh so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh well so. So here so here so here so here here here here here here here here here here here so here so here so here so here so here so here so here we are are are are are are are are are are are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I mean well um like okay I mean okay like so you know we kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well you know I mean you know like so made us start this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and how we know each other and who we so like well so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay okay um uh are individually and kind of what we want want want want want want want want want want want this podcast to be about and so well you know like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like okay you know you know like yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys liked getting to uh uh okay um well uh so well like like like like like like like like like like like well know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know like um like like like uh colvard. Elmer old is back Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I okay like well uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay um okay I mean think you guys are going to like like like like like like like like like like like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the uh well well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh you know okay house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you you you you you you you you you you you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well so well well you know okay okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know really good. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're back Florida was good for the good so well like um okay um um um um um um um um um um um like um so uh good good. Now you called me you have a little little little little little little little little little little little bit of a gripe like you know um like um so well well uh like about about about about about about about about about about about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know like um okay so um okay it. What's your your your your your your your your your your your what's the deal here? Now, look now, look now, look now, look now, look look look look look look look look look look look now, look now, look now, look now, look now, look now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections going well um okay um so so I mean um okay um today free free free free free free free free free free free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean okay um uh um in the marsh novices Chase. Give me me me me me me me me me me me give me give me give me give me give me give me give me give give give give give give give give give give give me give me give me some prices on now, we've currently got so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay so well I mean I mean okay like itchy feet at 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um like okay um um you know I mean 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and so you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay you know you know okay I mean seven to one but I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know well well uh I mean later won. But I believe it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie um like uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so so Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for for for for for for for for for for for teens melons 16 and so on you know I mean I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um um like well so so so forth. I think it's not really really really really really really really really really really really a race. I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked into much myself uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like okay well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean personally as in going for a horse to the back, but but but but but but but but but but but if I was going well um um okay um uh okay uh well um to to to to to to to to to to to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know you know you know uh I mean talk now. We were off last last last last last last last last last last last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like okay um so um you know um you know you know uh know know know know know know know know know know know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? show show show show show show show show show show I mean well like I mean so I mean so I mean uh well So we figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured on the week off? We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not not not not not not not not not not not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not actually having having having having having having having having having having having an episode. Whoa um I mean well so you know I mean like so so um um um um um um um um um um um. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, come on, come on, come on, come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll catch up. Have a have a have a have a have a have a a a a a a a a a a a have a have a have a have a have a like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well um so um um good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second well second well second well second second second second second second second second second second second well second well second well second well second well second well second well well well well well well well well well well well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of uh you know uh so like like like like like like like like like like like um uh okay um uh the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in yeah, in in in in in in in in in in in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the um I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay you know well okay footage for the first one one one one one one one one one one one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um so uh um work anchor the app. It was an accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I was just editing the video like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean like you know uh I mean like so um cuz I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay so um I mean uh uh deletes everything that we we we we we we we we we we we just did and set up for the past. We so um like like like like like like like like like like like like uh well so um like uh Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two two two two two two two two two two two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like um uh like well uh well just can't figure out how how how how how how how how how how how this works. But hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but but but but but but but but but but but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, I am I'm I'm let uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well so well well you know um you know me give you you you you you you you you you you you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great I mean um so you you you you you you you you you you you know um like so okay well so if you're wondering why you never heard my my my my my my my my my my my name before it's because you haven't because um okay like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well so I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle circle circle circle circle circle circle circle circle circle circle of any group uh like uh well you know you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um so okay of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney movies would um so um I mean like I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try try try try try try try try try try try just try just try just try just try just try just try just try just try try try try try try try try try try try just try just try to like well um um well uh so so you know um um um um um um um um um um um figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel okay I mean okay like I mean okay so like you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean you know so so well um tell that that that that that that that that that that that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like um you know okay like uh like devil who I I I I I I I I I I I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the like well um um um um um um um um um um um you know um so so you know you know like head of all all all all all all all all all all all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay so like uh like so like from the law of sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin and death. I am far from oppression and you know like okay so okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God God God God God God God God God God God and the evil one like I mean so okay uh like um well so um um um um um um um um um um um cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I am in right well I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um well you know like um standing with the father. I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know um like um God that surpasses all all all all all all all all all all all understanding greater is he that is in me so I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so um um well you know so um than he that is in the the the the the the the the the the the world. I have received the power of uh okay like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like okay so the Holy Spirit. I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have put put put put put put put put put put put up the old and put on the new you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh like you know okay you know I have been given and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been given to me. I have no lack for I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know you know you know um well like my God God God God God God God God God God God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter um um um um um um um um um um um um well like like um like so okay so episodes that we've been putting out over over over over over over over over over over over the past couple weeks. This will not I mean so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay you know um um uh be one of those. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is going to be a nice long discussion because uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know uh I mean like I mean uh we're going to look back back back back back back back back back back back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be well well okay uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like so like more than one episode at least two episodes for for for for for for for for for for for us to get through all like um I mean you know so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good. I'm so um okay I mean well you know so like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar um uh well uh you know like like like I mean you know Jackson and compare it it it it it it it it it it it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean um like so okay well Hey, I'm doing good good good good good good good good good good good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well uh uh here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's like you know I mean okay okay well I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial I mean I mean I mean so uh so I mean uh well so the the the the the the the the the the the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um okay like okay well so well so and true-crime a par par par par par par par par par par par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the you know like uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh well so uh I mean um 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So um um well um well well well well well well well well well well well so um well so like heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case case case case case case case case case case case the crime of the century before so you know uh okay so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so uh we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm near a all and this this this this this this this this this this this is the near and far podcast. This so so okay uh well like like like like like like like like like like like well so well you know podcast is about business Behavior. And the and the and the the the the the the the the the the the and the and the and the and the and the and the and the and the the the the the the the the the the the Brain on this show. I do a few so okay so I mean um okay so so so so so so so so so so so like um like things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your your your your your your your your your your your behavior. I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay uh well I mean interview authors of books. I enjoy and from from from from from from from from from from from time to time. I devote episodes you know you know you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know I mean well like to answering your questions. If you want want want want want want want want want want want to ask me a question visit the podcast okay like um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh I mean well page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews and ask me a question by leaving a okay okay so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like uh like uh review. I promise to read it and and and and and and and and and and and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so um like well like I mean ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more more more more more more more more more more more you can always visit me okay you know like well uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage usage usage usage usage usage usage usage usage usage usage that sticks by Janet you know uh so I mean well uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit takes repetition to stick but so okay okay you know uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay well okay well I mean uh so okay Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you you know um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know um you know I mean so think HootSuite launches a premium listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean I mean uh well a very new helpful measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and uh so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh I mean well putting other people's ideas into their their their their their their their their their their their app. Here's a here's a here's a here's a here's a here's a here's a a a a a a a a a a a here's a here's a here's a here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's uh well I mean you know um I mean so like so uh what what what what what what what what what what what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital marketer like um I mean like um uh you know well like I mean does and and and and and and and and and and and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well like okay so so you know well tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook and everything is within your control so uh okay I mean uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well so. So imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine your surprise when Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on on on on on on on on on on on box where we unpack everything well uh I mean you know well okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so so um from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean okay like um um well well that you can be more more more more more more more more more more more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This so um so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean like um well episode is brought to you by anchor when we we we we we we we we we we we decided to create a podcast. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know so um you know like you know to figure out the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly well uh like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay um um well that they give you everything you need in one one one one one one one one one one one place for free and you can um I mean I mean well well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh use it from your computer or your phone. There are a a a a a a a a a a a couple things we you know I mean um well like um I mean so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record so so okay like well like um so um um and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be so I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay so okay so I mean um heard everywhere and they have some ways for for for for for for for for for for for you to make money on your podcast with uh well well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like like so uh no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it it it it it it it it it it it a try and make your uh um so uh um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know very own podcasts We download the anchor a a a a a a a a a a a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up what's up what's up what's up up up up up up up up up up up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children children children children children children children children children children children. Listener like um well okay okay um uh you know like I mean discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to to to to to to to to to to to I mean I mean okay you know well um um like you know well well well well well well well well well well well hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you know okay you know uh well like I mean so uh um combines combines combines combines combines combines combines combines combines combines combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give so so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um I mean okay uh well you know you the the the the the the the the the the the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean so you know like I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well like you know okay so so well so dried dried dried dried dried dried dried dried dried dried dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like okay like um um so today's boring studies the boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay uh uh well okay like I mean well on which means means means means means means means means means means means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank okay thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank okay thank okay thank okay um so so like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you. How about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay the the the the the the the the the the the last couple of days my back was well uh well you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh so much better. But now it's really bad again might have have have have have have have have have have have been because I like I mean so okay well like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so okay try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay like okay like okay uh like uh are you I didn't even even even even even even even even even even even do that before I hurt my back you're as um um like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know well you know uh so you see you're one of these people people people people people people people people people people people who actually huzzah An excuse not um uh okay so okay okay well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt from that I mean well like um um okay okay uh um uh. I've definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the like like like like like like like like like like like um okay like okay I mean you know um I mean I mean same thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know okay um um okay well um fingers crossed that it's going to improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve things for me ideal ideal now if you so um so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh well like don't be a good good start First question. Okay is is is is is is is is is is is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and and and and and and and and and and and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our our our our our our our our our our our I'm you know so like um like uh uh well I mean so my my my my my my my my my my my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a special special special special special special special special special special special I mean uh um like well you know like um like like guest from from from from from from from from from from from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your what's your your your your your your your your your your your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's your what's your um uh you know you know okay so you know so so so so so so so so so so so so you know Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe I'm just uh I mean you know like uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a a a a a a a a a a a long day at work well so you know I mean well okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well so. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with with with with with with with with with with with the legendary. Dairy so so you know um I mean you know like like well you you you you you you you you you you you know future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean okay I mean uh I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay um so you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh um you know to today and True Crime app are are are are are are are are are are are cast original due to the graphic nature um well okay uh well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under okay um like uh uh uh well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 then 61 then then then then then then then then then then then 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 then 61 then 61 years old who was you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh so okay so okay found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young young young young young young young young young young young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's um I mean okay so like you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what what what what what what what what what what what a uh like you know um uh okay you know well okay uh time to be be be be be be be be be be be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially March March March March March March March March March March March and if you don't like like I mean you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches witches witches witches witches witches witches witches witches witches witches. Really do celebrate the beginning um well I mean like so you know well um well well well well well well well well well well well okay of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter like um uh well I mean uh uh um like you know is almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this you know know know know know know know know know know know well um so okay so uh so well well in my journal winter is always always always always always always always always always always always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan like like uh um like um I mean uh I mean like Brown and and and and and and and and and and and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um okay so like well okay character. He's the president of the the the the the the the the the the the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University um well okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know so well like um um of South Carolina amongst a lot of of of of of of of of of of of things. Would you like to tell us some well like um so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay so so of those other things too when shots were were were were were were were were were were were characters character character my bad, I so well you know okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um well well I mean guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host okay you know like uh so so like so like um Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh you know okay well over today is a fortnight hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well so so so 2. This is a blog post post post post post post post post post post post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives like well so well well well well well well well well well well well well okay um I mean you know you know. Hallelujah, it's time to prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit um like um you know well like so well um uh about anchor if you you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh like um I mean make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know so uh so well so I mean uh to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so okay okay um uh okay well will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify like I mean well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know uh Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with you know um you know um so um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know um no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the um um um um um um um um um um um like uh well well I mean like I mean you know I mean free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is so uh like okay um you know uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um so episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is today today today today today today today today today today today is today is today is today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999. The Supreme Court of the so okay okay so so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City City City City City City City City City City City bomber. Welcome like I mean well I mean well like I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like so to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's Court's I mean you know you know okay uh well uh okay you know uh decision not not not not not not not not not not not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um okay um so okay well like to the morning of of of of of of of of of of of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr well I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean uh I mean well so in Texas. Richard Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh I mean okay you know um um you know I mean advised for for for for for for for for for for for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know like you know like um you know Ed Pulaski and a a a a a a a a a a a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above so like you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh like uh like so you know the town of Wallace, Idaho. It It It It It It It It It It It was a hot day but the sun so uh so well so well you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean okay was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front front front front front front front front front front front lines of like you know so okay I mean um well well um okay an effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so you know uh I mean so you know like the Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service so so so so so so so so so so so well so uh uh okay um well okay um had relentlessly cleared swaths of of of of of of of of of of of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean I mean so okay so okay you know you know many many many many many many many many many many many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski worried you know okay uh I mean I mean um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay so like okay so like reflect those of the company company company company company company company company company company company and its management for their more the views and opinions I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know I mean okay well um so so of the guests and the the the the the the the the the the the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so uh like um program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and and and and and and and and and and and programming and and strict on but okay you know like so uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like um no by at go by in a module on my my my my my my my my my my my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something something something something something something something something something something something I mean I mean um um like so so I mean like well to say say say say say say say say say say say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay I mean um well like you know I mean mold from the the the the the the the the the the the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified like like like like like like like like like like like so uh I mean well um you know well you know you know the the the the the the the the the the the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um uh uh you know I mean you know like the work work work work work work work work work work work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and host host host host host host host host host host host like okay okay well I mean uh I mean well so um unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean okay um so you know you know well now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how how how how how how how how how how how uh you know um um you know you know um so like um Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well um you know like so uh he gets up and he goes to to to to to to to to to to to the mountain to pray to be with God um uh like so so like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh to be with the father in prayer. And when you you you you you you you you you you you had gone up to be like you know okay so well well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter comes well um okay so I mean so you know so like well to him him him him him him him him him him him and he says to him we've been looking for you and okay so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh um um you know uh well Jesus says while I I I I I I I I I I I needed to be with the father but also need to okay you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh okay okay uh well go somewhere else. They something they something something something something something something something something something something something they something they something they something they something they something they something they they they they they they they they they they they something they something they something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack. It is so okay you know okay um I mean so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins he begins he begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins he begins it by being with God I mean um um okay um um um um um um um um um um um so okay I mean you know so the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about I mean so um well um I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for for for for for for for for for for for um I mean okay um like um uh I mean you know uh the session session session session session session session session session session session. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have have have have have have have have have have have heard this okay okay uh so okay uh so well uh you know term term term term term term term term term term term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in in in in in in in in in in in uh okay uh you know uh so well I mean well uh automated buying buying buying buying buying buying buying buying buying buying buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean like okay you know like more effective streamlining the the the the the the the the the the the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um you know I mean um I mean okay you know platform. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh um like um I mean so so like years American global global global global global global global global global global global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you believe you know like you know okay um well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um uh in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going going going going going going going going going going going on? Everybody Dave bahr, you know okay so like okay I mean uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Finally um like okay okay so um so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my my my my my my my my my my my best program, I mean well I mean well you know I mean um um well well well well well well well well well well well well but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We have have have have have have have have have have have okay like okay um you know I mean so I mean so well some some some some some some some some some some some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay well well I mean um uh uh ten minute conversation. Got some some some some some some some some some some some got some people on their the regulars. It was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was fun um well like um so like uh like so okay. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian well you know um so you know okay okay okay um you know guide to economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh like um so so I mean uh you know know critical thinking the the the the the the the the the the the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts contexts um you know so you know well you know you know well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really mean that you should after after after after after after after after after after after reading an article go. Hmm um you know uh okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um well you know you know But is it really true? Can I trust the source? source source source source source source source source source source I wanted to say Force you know okay well you know um like well so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just just just just just just just just just just just critically about the things so like I mean I mean well okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so I mean that you receive but critically about everything to be able able able able able able able able able able able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean so um um uh like of song titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, like ah, like ah, like like like like like like like like like like like ah, like ah, like ah, like ah, like ah, like ah, like ah, like like like like like like like like like like like ah, like like like okay uh uh like so so I mean I mean give give give give give give give give give give give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from so okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know well you know okay uh you know PJ Harvey on for 2000 album album album album album album album album album album album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's so you know you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know so um I mean okay like also a number for 31. One out of of of of of of of of of of of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with I mean okay um okay so like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so I mean Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut doogal. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you guys for joining me um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh you know uh uh on the only podcast that is going going going going going going going going going going going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 well I mean you know okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh okay uh Greatest Albums down to one. There are times times times times times times times times times times times that I look over this list to see okay you know well you know well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well I mean uh what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting real soon like um like okay so uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so so. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay dry dick a poo pants okay um um okay you know uh well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old old old old old old old old old old old grey like like like like I mean well you know well well uh balls AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I I I I I I I I I I I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize if I missed any any any any any any any any any any any please write me um so okay I mean you know like uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um so if I did. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining us on on on on on on on on on on on a new episode. Sorry about sorry about sorry about sorry about sorry about sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry about sorry about sorry about sorry about sorry about sorry about last so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like uh I mean I mean so like week. Apparently the the the the the the the the the the the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well uh um uh okay you know um you know with me David Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um like um okay okay I mean well okay. And of course Tom Ward evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey um uh I mean um uh so so so so so so so so so so so so like okay so them very well. What an amazing performance we had this this this this this this this this this this this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're counting down um like well um uh like I mean uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one one one one one one one one one one one I mean you know so I mean uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Park. The excitement well okay I mean you know like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled with nails exploded for more shocking so I mean well okay well like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um okay sports events from history tune in right here every day to our our our our our our our our our our our March Madness special well like um well um okay I mean well you know so so so so so so so so so so so listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um like I mean well so well I mean like Atlanta Georgia, the first first first first first first first first first first first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy uh um um okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean okay in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack Mack and the heart attack jammed um so you know well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so um you know on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is a podcast about the division you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay uh well like okay you know two, its Community News speculation and updates. I I I I I I I I I I I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff such well so you know um okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh like I mean as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at at at at at at at at at at at twitch.tv slash on diesel and so well um um like um um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to dictionary.com word of the day day day day day day day day day day day. It's March 1st in our word um um well like um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with with with with with with with with with with with an acute accent mark over the so um like you know like well well like like like like like like like like like like like you know um eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning of this word. Even okay so so like um so um uh well so if if if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay um so well well okay you know to a handful of other common words words words words words words words words words words words in English, including habitual habituate well so so okay like you know like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor visitor to a uh you know well okay okay uh you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often often often often often often often often often often often I mean I mean so you know um uh well I mean so well used for for for for for for for for for for for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms like like like like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean uh uh so well um bars or used bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope we hope we we we we we we we we we we we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are are are are are are are are are are are discussing communism you know uh so um um so okay okay uh you know in in in in in in in in in in in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh so I mean so so like get into this work. But first first first first first first first first first first first of all, we'll go through and do our names uh uh so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean and pronouns and And we're going to answer what what what what what what what what what what what our favorite cartoon is. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay so so like like uh you know Connor I use heat and pronouns and and and and and and and and and and and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from well uh um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay um um the 60s. You know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh uh uh I mean I mean um really it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay you know like you know well uh you know I mean I use use use use use use use use use use use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August August August August August August August August August August August 16 2011 at a well so okay okay I mean uh uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm transgender. Skip at a well um I mean so like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um so so matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify original peasants. They so so um like like you know like well like you know know know know know know know know know know know tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the the the the the the the the the the the like uh so you know okay so like okay like I mean transgenders exploring. The The The The The The The The The The The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back back back back back back back back back back back I mean well well okay well I mean uh um okay like from Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh so you know you know well I mean but today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh um I mean well well okay so um this this this this this this this this this this this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well like um you know prevent any condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh like okay um you know you know uh okay. Please seek advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current um well um well well well well well well well well well well well um like okay you know well okay lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha babes podcast is about to go live in uh so you know um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like I mean I mean 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv top um okay I mean well okay like well uh okay okay. Now, let let let let let let let let let let let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after like um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know uh you know uh okay well so Bush show for 90-day fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I like okay um so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh so like I mean well would like to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh uh uh well um a lot so prepare to sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question I mean okay well like so so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just just just just just just just just just just just gone we're vibing okay okay um so like so uh okay I mean so providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well well um like so so well people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean you know you know I mean like um so um with with with with with with with with with with with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know well like so you know um okay so today on on on on on on on on on on on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean you know so I mean like so uh have this this this this this this this this this this this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very very very very very very very very very very very you know you know uh like well okay I mean like okay okay fluid open open open open open open open open open open open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about like like like like like like like like like like like okay um um so well well uh well you know your body embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh I mean okay I mean um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right right right right right right right right right right right into so okay uh um I mean I mean well uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings Understandings is I mean you know um so uh you know um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here well well well well well well well well well well well you know well you know well like so so so okay and let you you you you you you you you you you you know how much it came and I enjoy using um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so I mean like you know anchor for our podcast. We love love love love love love love love love love love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally um I mean like like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh I mean so free. Number two. There are creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast well you know so so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like uh you know from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well um uh so so I mean I mean it can be be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four okay uh like so like like like like like like like like like like like so well you know I mean like you can make money from Podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need you know I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well uh okay you know you know to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in in in in one place. So download so download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood you know like uh like um so I mean um I mean okay and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know well like okay uh I mean uh episode. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so okay you know uh uh like here today to have an an an an an an an an an an an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our you know I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean okay well so uh podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's good. That's good. That's good that's good that's good that's good that's good that's good good good good good good good good good good good that's good that's good that's good that's good that's good um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay I mean uh you know uh. So we're here to talk about about about about about about about about about about about atrs the movie but before we get into um I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like like I mean you know Addresses when I get this out of of of of of of of of of of of the way a quick plug or big plug well I mean so um well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know so we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and and and and and and and and and and and we want you so I mean like um I mean so okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up up up up up up up up up up up the well well well well so so so uh like like Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear well I mean so well okay I mean well so so I mean from from from from from from from from from from from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather you know know know know know know know know know know know um like um well uh uh okay um okay than from a place of fear and resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance and anxiety because at the end of the so I mean like um okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know like I mean day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything right. It just it just it just it just it just it just it just just just just just just just just just just just it just it just it just it just has to well okay well okay like like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like like be full full trust full full surrender and know that you you you you you you you you you you you will be legio well okay okay um like I mean like like like so be guided guided guided guided guided guided guided guided guided guided guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you're doing well. Today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is when did like so you know so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like so okay disability become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing Sophie Butler who is so uh so um okay you know okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and and and and and and and and and and and how so well um I mean well you know I mean well I mean like she she she she she she she she she she she came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like I mean like okay well so like you know that the World World World World World World World World World World World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh uh uh born with may do which might might might might might might might might might might might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically um like like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so well uh okay uh the idea of ableism and how the world is set up up up up up up up up up up up for people who are able-bodied so you know um so okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well so as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a a a a a a a a a a a very specific way you know I mean okay okay like uh um like well well well well well well well well well well well uh. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really really really really really really really really really really really well I mean I mean so okay you know okay so so so interesting conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do please do please do please do do do do do do do do do do do please do please do please do please do please do please do please do rate uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like I mean well like um okay uh review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to a um uh so um uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay well comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to to to to to to to to to to to Bay Wells vegan well so so well like you know well so um so coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay well uh you know you know um outskirts of Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um so okay I mean well um I mean uh lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a a a a a a a small okay you know um like I mean so like I mean um I mean range range range range range range range range range range range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay um okay you know I mean you know so cell. If there there there there there there there there there there there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood so okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay well so okay I mean you know I mean glucose levels are too too too too too too too too too too too high. This can this can this can this can this can this can this can can can can can can can can can can can this can this can this can this can have a negative impact on osmosis, which which which which which which which which which which which is the uh like okay like uh I mean so okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas so okay I mean um so you know so okay um okay. The body body body body body body body body body body body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um I mean uh I mean I mean the concentration of blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone um uh okay like okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like um well you know insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect the presence of well okay um okay well uh well so so you know insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that like like like like like like like like like like like like so you know uh okay well you know you know like is insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the so um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean well I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know you know like okay um uh uh like is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin um you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean so you know okay so so okay show. So I was a a a a a a a a a a a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice okay I mean okay you know well so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean so I mean guy been putting out a lot of great content around around around around around around around around around around around Bitcoin a lot of great I mean I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so you know you know you know people on a show really really really really really really really really really really really interesting format and had a great conversation with them okay uh okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know so like so like so. So I thought I'd share with you guys here here here here here here here here here here here as well just to note well um like you know like okay so well well well well well well well well well well well like well the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth bandwidth issues. So the so the so the so the so the so the so the so so so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so I mean the audio was spotty in places, places, places, places, places, places, places, places, places, places, places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you so so okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well okay so so want to follow cave on his podcast is is is is is is is is is is is called the total Bitcoin podcast and so I mean so well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well uh his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en en en en en en en en en en en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good good good good good good good good good good good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th uh so like so so so like well well well well well well well well well well well well uh of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady yes lady yes lady markets surged um so you know okay so um so like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the the the the the the the the the the the table with a rate cut okay uh I mean you know like well like like like like like like like like like like like you know like like the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They They They They They They They They They They They would be starting a so okay well um like okay uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know well new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market market market market market market market market market market market expectations and okay so uh I mean okay uh okay well okay well cut the the the the the the the the the the the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so um like uh um okay so uh the right cut with with with with with with with with with with with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald well uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like you know okay um Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have um okay um you know so so so so so so so so so so so well okay okay you know well the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by by by by by by by by by by by cutting interest rates by 50 basis okay well so you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime well like I mean I mean like so okay I mean uh well podcast in in in in in in in in in in in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the well you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay uh okay um like uh you know secret today. We We We We We We We We We We We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene um you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh uh you know uh you know you know stew Pinsky and Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we so we so we so we so so so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we so we so we are back back back back back back back back back back back in the I mean um you know so so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um well mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay uh okay you know well uh you know views or comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean so I mean okay so okay um but I guess that's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so um I mean um uh came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast uh I mean you know you know like so okay like like like like like like like like like like like like you know go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and and and and and and and and and and and opinions discussed I mean I mean okay well I mean so well uh so so so so so so so so so so so like in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or the producer um like you know I mean like okay I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is like um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um so uh like well you know it Brittany American humor then he he he he he he he he he he he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent well so well okay so like like like like like like like like like like like like so you know well so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay um okay I mean okay I mean uh um like okay your host Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here here here here here here here here here here here um like uh like um well um um well uh to talk about about about about about about about about about about about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over um um like so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know um you know the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the again, the the the the the the the the the the the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, the again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have I mean well so you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean okay I mean so you know and they did and it wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got okay so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like you know okay like up big early and then they squandered almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost every single ounce of that lead you know I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know so you know okay going into halftime and and and and and and and and and and and then by the second half things kind of evened so like like well so so so so so so so so so so so like uh like well I mean out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they they they they they they they they they they they only won by 12 like um uh you know well like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay and most of the time they were up by like six six six six six six six six six six six or something um you know uh I mean I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know well well like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting a you know well you know I mean well you know uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of of of of of of of of of of of different areas and well you know um I mean like you know like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject well well well well well well well well well well well um uh I mean um you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be be be be be be be be be be be suitable for I mean I mean like like so um well um okay so everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex you know um okay well I mean okay like okay uh well with an adult. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like like okay I mean well I mean them. This is a public public public public public public public public public public public service announcement from 1984. It was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was made by activists well well well well well well well well well well well okay well I mean so so like like um you know on a a a a a a a a a a a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and um um uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean okay so um this PSA was one way they were doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors well well okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean like uh popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have myself Joakim at Crescent I mean like well um well well well well well well well well well well well like like okay you know like Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering today starts with GDC 2020 has so okay okay uh I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well okay been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Emerging Markets by sensor you know so okay like like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally I mean uh um um I mean well you know you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen okay well um I mean um like I mean so okay I mean Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right right right right right right right right right right right can't so so um like okay so like I mean so you know complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you um um um um um um um um um um um okay um like uh uh okay I mean you know okay got a hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've um okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean you know you know you know well got three three three three three three three three three three three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and and and and and and and and and and and uh I mean um okay so okay like well uh um I'm Jessica this this this this this this this this this this this week. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are talking about what we I like like like like like like like like like like like to um I mean I mean like uh so so so I mean you know call the the the the the the the the the the the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're uh um like um so so okay well well I mean going to Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will also also also also also also also also also also also of course you know okay like uh um you know you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week week week week week week week week week week week we're well okay well like uh like like so okay uh going with something a a a a a a a a a a a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation so so like um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean uh um so um. I would like to recommend Santa Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is that is that is that is that that that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is that is that is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is is is today is today is today is today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day day day day day day day day day day day in 1826. 15 year 15 year 15 year 15 year 15 year 15 year year year year year year year year year year year 15 year 15 year 15 year 15 year 15 year old Ellen Turner I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean well uh you know uh I mean well well was was was was was was was was was was was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh okay so well okay I mean their Fortune. Welcome to today today today today today today today today today today today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction well you know well well well well well well well well well well well so okay well so like you know well and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by by by by by by by by by by by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like like okay okay so like on the Turner family fortune. Let's go go go go go go go go go go go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go go go go go go go go go go go let's go let's go let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like um uh you know so okay so name is Denise Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay so uh okay okay uh and we run UK salon owners today. We're here here here here here here here here here here here to give you a first episode you know I mean well okay like like like well well well well well well well well well well well like you know of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about about about about about about about about about about about funny stories that focus um so I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well okay so of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners owners and every um you know so okay so I mean you know so um um um um um um um um um um um so Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny stories you guys um like you know like so so like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well so um you know you know you the email address at at at at at at at at at at at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so okay um uh uh uh story? I will start with my first first first first first first first first first first first two because these are the these uh so okay okay like uh uh like so so so so so so so so so so so uh are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called called called called called called called called called called three you know so um like you know you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean so uh um well so uh uh boys and this this this this this this this this this this this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so so I mean um so home whether through infertility adoption and then then then then then then then then then then then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, okay you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean um so okay and this is Journey so I decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost so okay you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay you know like I mean every day. I get a text text text text text text text text text text text message from somebody that says hey, I um um you know so well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um like okay have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you care if um I mean so I mean uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean I mean I send them your way or I'll get some some some some some some some some some some some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And And And And And And And And And And And this segment um I mean I mean well okay so you know um well um um um um um um um um um um um is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh well like uh okay uh. I do study Vedic astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were well like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like uh born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with with with with with with with with with with with Western astrology. And so and so and so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so if you so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like like uh okay you know like well simply Google the difference between Western and and and and and and and and and and and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information well um so um okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh so um I mean on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras nakshatras a way to put it okay well like like uh I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin I'm Robin ups, but I'm uh you know so okay like like okay okay like so so so so so so so so so so so joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad boys of well um so well okay uh okay okay like you know football autobiography analysis the the the the the the the the the the the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha like so like like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well well um like. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna McKenna me that we all well uh well uh I mean well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager. Yeah big-time manager in like um um um like you know um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy sidekick on um um you know um so uh well um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal like like like like like like like like like like like well so well so you know so like so so all-around good guy. This This This This This This This This This This This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like like I mean so encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time for Chompers your your your your your your your your your your your morning and night toothbrushing show uh so you know um um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one one one one one one one one one one side and brush a little uh uh I mean so um uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we we we we we we we we we we we tell you the story you know so well you know um so okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped uh like okay well um you know well like uh so Farm Workers be be be be be be be be be be be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew uh well um so you know like okay like I mean you know up up up up up up up up up up up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a a a a a a a a a a a I mean uh like um so uh okay okay I mean um farm helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family their family their family their family their their their their their their their their their their their family their family their family their family their family their family their family family family family family family family family family family family didn't have much money, but well um I mean okay so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school school school school school school school school school school school teacher um I mean uh uh like I mean so well uh um. Switcher brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like so so um um so not covet thy neighbor's wife nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his so I mean like um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um so cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are are are are are are are are are are are given quite exclusively to like I mean okay uh so um you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know you know the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not not not not not not not not not not not interpret you know uh so like okay um uh I mean okay well them them them them them them them them them them them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above okay so um um um um um um um um um um um well well uh so like well um they also thought that they had kept all those those those those those those those those those those those when they had done or not done so well like so well okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments in order that it be okay okay okay you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh so uh esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where where where where where where where where where where where uh so um uh I mean I mean like well um okay the Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will we will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will be discussing the fabulous short story story story story story story story story story story story lamb to the slaughter by so you know I mean um like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in in in in in in in in in in in irony in um well you know you know you know you know like so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book this book this book book book book book book book book book book book this book this book this book this book this book this book this book this this this this this this this this this this this book was written by the okay um so well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know um prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and and and and and and and and and and and unfortunately died in 1990. He is like like okay um um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean well most famously known for writing Charlie and the the the the the the the the the the the Chocolate Factory The BFG and uh okay like like um like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, let's talk I mean okay uh okay well so like so so you know about about about about about about about about about about about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so I mean I mean uh you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, but he seemed so well you know I mean well uh um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say say say say say say say say say well okay so I mean well so um well so um that you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the um okay so so so so so so so so so so so well you know well well okay uh uh reviews with everything. Now. This is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know I mean okay you know like uh I mean wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted well I mean I mean uh you know like okay okay okay so to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two well well well well well well well well well well well okay well so like well well okay I mean um guys that didn't do a a a a a a a a a a a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo so so so so so so so so so so so so um so so so so um um like. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've been um uh uh okay uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean working on this podcast since September 20-something of last last last last last last last last last last last year. So a good five months well okay so um uh um so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but but but but but but but but but but but I think I need I mean you know well okay um okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's uh so uh um so uh uh like I mean you know me Charles entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um like I mean you know so like okay okay and we'll hear his his his his his his his his his his his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean I mean uh okay I mean okay they don't make Bulls go go go go go go go go go go go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch okay okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay um. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks enjoy this episode of you know I mean uh you know like um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like um musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get pet get pet get pet get pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well you know you know uh I mean um well have been responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is like uh well um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so uh like well Sean Stephenson. That's a that's a a a a a a a a a a a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a a a a a a a a a a a that's a that's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here here here here here here here here here here here. And we're uh uh okay okay so well I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean back. Once again. We're on we're on we're on we're on on on on on on on on on on on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around like okay okay so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know you know another episode season 3 episode 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo uh uh like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh okay so little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay um uh you know okay uh okay Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop just keep going. Hey want you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know uh like I mean well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We like like like like like like like like like like like we like we like we like we like we like we like we like we we we we we we we we we we we like we like we like um well uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like um well well actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this this this this this this this this this this this and we like like well like um well so you know okay you know were were were were were were were were were were were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and and and and and and and and and and and um um uh uh well like um okay so uh we've actually had a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people we don't know listen to it and well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay you know okay um people reach out to us and say say say say say say say say say say say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things like you know so you know um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so for the first time. So thanks for caring if if if if if if if if if if if you want to send us I mean like I mean I mean like um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you you you you you you you you you you you have any thoughts okay you know okay so um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here to tell you you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean so uh like about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way you know okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know you know I mean um well to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that so well okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean like like allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer like you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um um you know well okay uh I mean. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know like like okay uh like like Apple. Podcast and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and podcast and podcast and podcast and podcast and podcast and podcast and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and podcast and podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no you know um you know okay uh well like so I mean so minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well okay you know okay like so the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to um uh um well so okay so um um um take a brief moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to like like you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um well uh start your very own podcast. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of of of of of of of of of of of some of some of some of the more important aspects are actually having a a a a a a a a a a a okay I mean you know well I mean um uh okay so well service service service service service service service service service service service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so so uh I mean you know okay um you know each episode for the the the the the the the the the the the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet so you know like like like like like like like like like like like um you know so um okay um well a podcast and have a distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using uh okay like uh well um um so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor gives me everything we like um you know so well so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my my my my my my my my my my my computer tablet or I mean I mean uh um um um well okay so like cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money money money money money money money money money money money with no well okay um you know so like like okay so okay minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well uh uh so okay you know well I mean serious about using using using using using using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting topic okay uh you know like like okay I mean um like uh. We're going going going going going going going going going going going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater eater eater eater eater eater eater eater eater eater eater. Liar okay so I mean I mean like um I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well. Liar pants per hire. It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on on on on on on on on on on on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on fire Patrick. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah like well so um um um um um um um um um um um so like so okay well like. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys like well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so you know well you know. Where are you guys listening on on on on on on on on on on on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As uh as uh as uh as uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh as uh as uh as uh as uh as uh as uh as uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh like well um you know you know if you're listening on on on on on on on on on on on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode I mean I mean so you know well I mean um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I mean so well I mean uh okay you know you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all so um um um um um um um um um um um so like okay uh well so okay okay of you. We're instruments of service to to to to to to to to to to to all of you and this is episode 48 like okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like like um I mean so and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This This This This This This This This This This This is one of his favorite subjects like uh well um uh so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know. You can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't have both you have have have have have have have have have have have to make a choice. So I can't wait to you know you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay um well you know like get started. This is my my my my my my my my my my my business partner. Mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec science guys. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 48 like um uh well so um well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh well Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate entrepreneurship like well well I mean um uh well uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of like like like like like like like like like like like like well like well okay like okay I mean okay other businesses along with Carlson sow and and and and and and and and and and and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed so uh like like uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh um I mean uh to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it it it it it it it it it it it. I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I want to well well like well um you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy I mean uh you know well I mean I mean well um well well well well well well well well well well well like this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make podcast. It's well so I mean uh so you know um like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast so okay well so okay like like so uh um right from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so well um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well uh you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast and many more well like uh so okay I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um you know you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to to make I mean okay uh so okay like well okay okay well a successful podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um I mean um you know like okay at every touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 you know so okay um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well like so I mean times the value that they expect will will will will will will will will will will will comes to mind is my book The Five okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean so um okay uh uh AM Club. I spent four four four four four four four four four four four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it uh like um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well well well well um over 50 times every line. I wanted it to to to to to to to to to to to be the absolute best. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this if if if if if if if if if if if this if this if this if this if this if this if this if if if if if if if if if if if this if this if this I mean you know so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like um well you know like is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at at at at at at at at at at at American money well um you know um uh uh I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well so management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I I I I I I I I I I I thought um like so I mean I mean like you know so um like this this this this this this this this this this this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but um um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know like like like uh you know okay a bunch of things things things things things things things things things things things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well you know um I mean you know um well update update update update update update update update update update update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to you know well well well well well well well well well well well so um uh you know okay like you know well talk about We've got Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh um uh like so so seven billion dollar purchase of of of of of of of of of of of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so okay I mean I mean in this podcast for those those those those those those those those those those those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh um okay like American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment advisor who serves as a um you know so like um okay so so so so so so so so so so so so okay like portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients have a mmm I mean well okay well like well like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They They They They They They They They They They They so you know um like I mean okay I mean so so well well well well well well well well well well well said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people people people people people people people people people people people are so uh uh I mean um you know so so well okay going to to to to to to to to to to to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one one one one one one one one one one one of okay okay you know uh uh uh you know well well um um um um um um um um um um um us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We We We We We We We We We We We believe uh okay you know so I mean you know like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um that there is this life we can live that that's just a little I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like like so okay so I mean I mean um bit further further further further further further further further further further further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know uh so okay like well live this life that is extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well you know we kind of got if I can give give give give give give give give give give give all of myself and be disciplined enough um I mean I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um okay in that career or that's Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe okay like like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so like okay I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I I I I I I I I I I I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth I I I I I I I I I I I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean like okay well so okay the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and okay okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know okay youth Ministries websites. It is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is our desire at youth Ministries to see you like like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so uh so you know okay uh grow in your personal relationship with with with with with with with with with with with Jesus Christ through your daily time with you know okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh I mean like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March March March March March March March March March March March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 well like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um like like okay like well verses 1 through 3. So all so all so so so so so so so so so so so all so all so all so all so all so all so all so all so so so so so so so so so so so all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know you know I mean I mean I mean so people people people people people people people people people people people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and and and and and and and and and and and the like well you know so so like uh so I mean like whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know know know know know know know know know you know like uh like uh I mean like um um okay that our podcast is is is is is is is is is is is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like well I mean I mean about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay you know you know. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right so you know well okay I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay well um from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone as we speak I mean uh um well like like well well uh okay. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh so you know I mean uh okay okay on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know well I mean okay I mean so like no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know like you know podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot well like um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know okay. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up up up up up up up up up up up Walk-Ons fans like like I mean okay well I mean okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Shawn Welsh Hawkeye like um you know okay like so so like like okay content content content content content content content content content content content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice stories on the you know I mean I mean I mean well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some some some some some some some some some some some humor and a little bit well uh um well well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know like of fun then you may have just found what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're looking for. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and and and and and and and and and and and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the parenting uh well um um um um um um um um um um um okay like so like so you know you know in the thick of it it it it it it it it it it it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach well like um you know know know know know know know know know know know so so well you know like like known to many as your parenting partner as as as as as as as as as as as a mom to three teenagers you well you know okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I mean can bet. I've probably been there done that that that that that that that that that that that and heard it all trust so uh uh well you know um so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well well well uh okay um you know because I just love to to to to to to to to to to to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in I mean like um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like well well I mean like the thick of it and find a a a a a a a a a a a way out of it. You cannot change I mean um like so well um um um um um um um um um um um you know well you know I mean your child today on the show. I want want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after after after after after after after after after after after so well well so so like like you know uh um they get out of of of of of of of of of of of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like so so okay um I mean they wish school and taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught them to do their taxes. And why and why and why and why and why why why why why why why why why why why and why and why and why and why and why and why didn't somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody teach okay well well you know I mean um um you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean like I mean I mean so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to to to to to to to to to to to add and subtract um like um okay you know so uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add add add add add add add add add add add I mean um I mean okay so um I mean okay so I mean some together, together, together, together, together, together, together, together, together, together, together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions I mean like I mean I mean like you know so like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were you were you were were were were were were were were were were were you were you were you were you were you were you were you were you were were were were were were were were were were were supposed to read them. You I mean okay like okay okay uh well okay well well well well well well well well well well well well read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well well so I mean um I mean um well that was in elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh okay I mean so okay okay math doesn't mean that you weren't taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught that in school. It just means that uh I mean okay um okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some some some some some some some some some some some okay um so like I mean you know okay um I mean well listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised especially for children children children children children children children children children children children under 13. The small I mean well uh uh uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm screams reverberated from within I mean okay uh well I mean uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know um um and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds was in labor well well um like okay well um like okay uh with her 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that so you know know know know know know know know know know know um well like I mean well so so okay she was a witch. She could could could could could could could could could could could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched I mean so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like okay like you know you know um on in horror from the corners of of of of of of of of of of of the room. She couldn't provide for another like uh okay like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean well this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to the Fashion Week baby. The world's okay um okay I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know okay number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as as as as as as as as as as as I know his mother since I mean so I mean you know okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um so I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right right right right right right right right right right right last weekend so so like so uh I mean okay you know I mean uh. I I I I I I I I I I I went I went I went I went I went I went I went I went went went went went went went went went went went I went I went I went back home to dinner right then. My mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom asked me a son uh well you know so like uh uh like okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a well like like like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean okay well okay like well very bad son all this while while while while while while while while while while while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this like uh um you know so so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know so like podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real real real real real real real real real real real season 3 able Way like uh like okay uh you know so um um like like like like like like like like like like like episode 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so um so you know well I mean uh well the number number number number number number number number number number number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean like well well I mean now. I know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering so uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh you know okay um you know when in this season I'm going to to to to to to to to to to to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to okay you know uh like uh um uh well well um do another another another another another another another another another another another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know you know well you know you know well thought want want want want want want want want want want want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know you know I mean well you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone message I mean so okay um well um like so okay I mean me on on on on on on on on on on on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh well so you know well okay okay. They wanted to make they they they they they they they they they they they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into um like um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean um um okay um uh RN school and they just got accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel. A couple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are doing episode 2 like like I mean um so well well well well well well well well well well well well um like um. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because because because because because because because because because because because I didn't so you know you know okay okay okay so well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well I mean um uh you know like well okay uh like kind of of of of of of of of of of of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um um uh so so well okay Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And And And And And And And And And And And I would say like I mean I mean um uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean well I'm I would classify myself an artist because because because because because because because because because because because I imagine managing. I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an emerging so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know like like you know like so uh you know artist. We are are are are are are are are are are are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean like um like okay so I am an actor but I also also also also also also also also also also also delve into Visual Arts and and so well well like like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know okay write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay well I mean okay like I mean video series series series series series series series series series series series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay okay well so so well. Wow. What a crazy week week week week week week week week week week week in the sports card market and World. It um um like well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean you know has been it seems like all cards in in in in in in in in in in in general have gone up and a you know you know um um so uh so so so so so so so so so so so well so you know lot of the specific cars that I talked about last last last last last last last last last last last week. All those cards uh um like you know well okay well so uh well well well well well well well well well well well have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know so well uh I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was like okay like so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so like well talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA tens. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going for well like like like like like like like like like like like okay like so like okay well uh well 272 $280. Now, this was February February February February February February February February February February February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been um okay I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh so um $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host like well uh you know I mean um uh I mean okay so any any any any any any any any any any any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so pumped you know so uh well so like well I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's I mean okay uh um you know so uh so so okay it going? going going going going going going going going going going Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and he got got got got got got got got got got got Phillips. Hey, what's up? okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh like I mean And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like um uh so um I mean played podcast with the died saving saving saving saving saving saving saving saving saving saving saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now so so you know I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a uh so well you know uh well um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing uh well like like like like like like like like like like like like so you know like uh like like Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and and and and and and and and and and and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just jokes listeners before so you know know know know know know know know know know know um so you know okay like like well I mean we get into this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like so uh so um well so okay. Anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if if if if if if if if if if if anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if if if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so okay so well uh uh like free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a creation tools uh uh well I mean you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone so you know uh well you know well so okay like well and computer makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you um okay okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um so like can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast anything else and you can make money from well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know so so like your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast okay uh okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh you know like I mean right in one place download the free free free free free free free free free free free a tinker app or go to Anchor well well okay well like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay like dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works works works works works works works works works works works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode of we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not there yet. And we definitely um you know uh okay so like like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh um just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing showing showing showing showing showing showing showing showing showing showing us so much love okay uh I mean you know um uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know um so. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to to to to to to to to to to to talk about today's topic. Which I mean um um like well well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I I I I I I I I I I I asking like what I mean uh um well okay so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities having xiety? uh like like okay well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like well so I mean um I mean well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which which which which which which which which which which which is like um I mean I mean you know well um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to to to to to to to to to to to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean so so you know like like like for for for for for for for for for for for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day I mean so you know well well uh okay so well okay Saints. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This uh this this this this this this this this this this this uh this uh this uh this uh this uh this uh this uh this this this this this this this this this this this uh this uh this uh I mean uh so well like okay well so um um um um um um um um um um um episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this this this this this this this this this this this podcast well um like so um I mean uh so okay like. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh uh okay well like you know so okay is free to use and and and and and and and and and and and they have a creation tool that allows you to record uh I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so well like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anger will also distribute your um um you know um uh um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many so so well you know you know I mean like like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one well well well well well well well well well well well like like um like well uh uh okay uh place. Don't free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this um you know okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh um okay week's lesson is entitled. This is the way way way way way way way way way way way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone did anyone did did did did did did did did did did did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like so um you know okay so you know through a kemetic meditation. So So So So So So So So So So So the ideal position for this meditation is to well I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well like um um be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened lengthened out arms at you know well I mean I mean okay well well so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh your sides. You can also do this in a seated position position position position position position position position position position position. If you are sitting you know well well well uh well well um so well you you you you you you you you you you you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean well uh uh you know well or a a a a a a a a a a a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a a a a a a a a a a a like okay you know so like um um so I mean like chair have have have have have have have have have have have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay um I mean I mean okay like you know once you you you you you you you you you you you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like uh so you know uh um I want you to to to to to to to to to to to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and so well okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so you know well like then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to to to to to to to to to to to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app you know okay uh well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so so TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers afterbuzzers Welcome back to our uh uh uh I mean well so uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well well dare me after show. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be be be be be be be be be be be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog you know well well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know uh you know of War. This is the penultimate episode of this this this this this this this this this this this season things are getting so I mean uh like uh well like uh well well well well well well well well well well well so like real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor grades so um like uh so I mean like uh well okay and I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have Ashman what's I mean um um like uh I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like well well up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning in so you know okay uh I mean uh you know uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know well I mean well well um so the adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean I mean uh well so like I mean okay. A A A A A A A A A A A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know you know so um so like like This was so so so so so so so so so so so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you are are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are are you are you talking about a church Boy chat okay well so okay um um um um um um um um um um um like okay uh okay uh. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church church church church church church church church church church church Boy chat. I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am Laura and today you well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well so you know um you know um like get the pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat is so great. I just um so well um well so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well want to let you know that she's one of the most loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving and complimentary people I mean you know I mean well like so um so so so so so so so so so so so um like I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything. I uh uh I mean um uh so uh um um I mean am am am am am am am am am am am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language language language language language language language language language language language love language love language love language love language love language love language love love love love love love love love love love love language love language love language love language is like like um so well well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean okay uh words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures lures lures lures lures lures lures lures lures lures lures the best because full disclosure so so okay okay well like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know. This is the third time when you're trying my my my my my my my my my my my section and this is gonna so um uh well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real real real real real real real real real real real here I mean well I mean I mean like you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice that real I mean um you know um okay uh so like uh okay quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you you you you you you you you you you you that like um okay I mean um like um I mean you know uh much much much much much much much much much much much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay like I mean I mean I mean so okay well had live. What's up, everybody? everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew okay okay well so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um well I mean okay had cast all about couples and and and and and and and and and and and the things they go through we are excited for like well well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um um well like today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests requests requests requests requests requests requests requests requests requests requests for people to clarify what it is you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean I mean you know uh. When we ask the other other other other other other other other other other other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So today, we're so um well um um um um um um um um um um um like well I mean you know so so going to be talking about Love Languages, what what what what what what what what what what what ours are and why we think they're like I mean okay I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um well like like well important. But before but before but before but before but but but but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before but before but before but before we get get get get get get get get get get get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show well you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean so like so um and subscribing to it on whatever platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform you're listening that really helps us out and um so well uh okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh We love hearing your feedback as well. So the the the the the the the the the the the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you you you you you you you you you you so so um like I mean well uh well um you know I'm good. How How How How How How How How How How How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been uh well so um um um um um um um um um um um you know so like like uh uh a pretty eventful like week, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded well so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well uh I mean okay well this coming episode. This guests this guests this guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests this guests this guests this guests this guests this guests this guests this guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests this guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh I mean so so okay well uh hints to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know I mean okay like uh so um so we we we we we we we we we we we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean well uh okay I mean um so I mean he was here because because because because because because because because because because because of the way that you know, this Gus could make it around I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean uh so uh you know okay but you know, we're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically I mean uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so I mean uh uh um. We like to record the intro this this this this this this this this this this this this snippet part without the guest even being uh uh well you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh um well around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So So So So So So So So So So So usually we recorded uh well you know uh um okay okay I mean um okay before the the the the the the the the the the the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know um you know you know so so have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting well um um okay so so you know okay like well service and they make make make make make make make make make make make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes like okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh you know okay okay okay to Distributing your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like like um I mean like name it? They've got a way to distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute to it on top of that. They have you know uh um like um um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean you know um editing tools baked right into the website makes life so so so so so so so so so so so much simpler back when I I mean uh so like you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean okay uh started podcasting. It was an entire to do you you you you you you you you you you you had to know how to record well you know okay so uh like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay it where to record it how to upload it pay for the the the the the the the the the the the hosting did I uh okay well so um like okay like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so um um um um um um um um um um um well so okay um uh I mean uh like okay that you can make money money money money money money money money money money money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F like well like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know like uh so like okay m-- to get started. You're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios uh you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay so like Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you so I mean well um um okay you know like um like like like like like like like like like like like could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean well well I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to to to to to to to to to to to ask a short you know so um you know well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well well so favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and and and and and and and and and and and um well so well you know uh uh like okay like I'm about to to to to to to to to to to to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh like uh I mean uh okay uh there. You can learn about both both both both both both both both both both both books one of which is free and you okay okay so so I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh um can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book book book book book book book book book book book is released okay so well uh okay so like you know well okay and and and and and and and and and and and how you can get it. I would I would I would I would would would would would would would would would would would I would I would I would I would I would I would I would really really really really really really really really really really really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling so okay you know like like well um um um um um um um um um um um well like well. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious truth? Welcome to episode you know so I mean um like so um um like so so so so so so so so so so so. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean um okay so um you know you know um get get get get get get get get get get get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on on on on on on on on on on on well like I mean uh like okay like so like I mean the hundredth episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean well um so so okay so that's good. It's going going going going going going going going going going going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to well okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh so like okay well I mean rant a little Bit and this one one one one one one one one one one one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, the weed tube. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun well I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean I mean I mean well to speculate a podcast where where where where where where where where where where where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And well um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so um like so I mean so now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to a brand new you know so um okay okay like okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean okay so so I mean you know me is producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes you were were were were were were were were were were were sick last for I mean I mean uh so you know well so so um um um um um um um um um um um you know the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of of of of of of of of of of of things we I mean well so so um well um so you know uh recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay uh uh like you know so like 2 because we recorded so so so so so so so so so so so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we um so you you you you you you you you you you you know well um well okay I mean okay you know had a nice little little little little little little little little little little little break in between and now we have to catch so uh okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so I mean I mean I mean up and record one like like like like like like like like like like like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's you know I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know well well so like okay though. I love this show show show show show show show show show show show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope like like um um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well well everyone in the world listens to that's a a a a a a a a a a a little bit extreme, but, you know, I okay uh well well um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so uh hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope I I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope we keep the topics coming I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean um you know okay okay well like in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh okay like um well okay so in session and we're happier tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is episode well uh okay well well uh um so well well two dining Halls Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on um um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know well um um uh uh Student Life at Denison University University University University University University University University University University University. I have two new guests writing me this week to chitchat about about about about about about about about about about about okay like so um well like like okay so so our favorite snacks on on on on on on on on on on on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um like like so um so well yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a a a a a a a a a a a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from from from from from from from from from from from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Ohio like I mean uh uh you know okay so like like um. So just an an an an an an an an an an an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh you know okay uh uh so group on campus and and and and and and and and and and and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi everyone um uh you know okay so you know well uh well uh. I'm Dom and and and and and and and and and and and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with like like like like like like like like like like like okay so okay well okay I mean like um I mean my friend and and and and and and and and and and and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean well okay uh so I mean Brock Holt Samus game o63 we we we we we we we we we we we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for you know so so um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well you know um I mean me to believe. I'm so so so so so so so so so so so glad you've all joined us on this journey um you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so so well like I mean like okay. It has it has it has it has has has has has has has has has has has it has it has it has it has it has it has it has become grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I well so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um um well okay so um could have imagined from the beginning when when when when when when when when when when when we set out to do this. Now uh like I mean okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um well you know before we go any further. We must tell you we we we we we we we we we we we have to correct I mean well okay okay so so okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we we we we we we we we we we we missed the fact like okay well okay like well um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your your your your your your your your your your your personal um uh so well like like you know well like uh development one tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is our um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh okay uh like so you know next self-improvement sit down guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the I mean well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean well um okay uh founder of the nonprofit because I I I I I I I I I I I said I would the mission of the charity I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay like well is to give people the resources and and and and and and and and and and and accountability. They need to live with okay I mean so so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well like uh okay courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because because because because because because because because because because because I said it would you know I mean I mean I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well like you know uh okay in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson Central to Alex's okay okay um okay um well like um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make make make make make make make make make make make well so I mean okay uh okay so I mean okay you know promises only only only only only only only only only only only when we mean them have a listen. So if so if so if so so so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if you look I mean um I mean so well okay like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling someone you'll definitely do something I mean um I mean so okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well well or something will certainly happen in the future you touched touched touched touched touched touched touched touched touched touched touched on something that's okay um so uh you know okay um well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised. I uh like you know okay I mean I mean uh well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that um um um um um um um um um um um so um you know I mean so well I mean well so I had a surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out so well um um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh okay a little bit the day up. But for for for for for for for for for for for the most part very few things surprise me um like well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh I mean you know. It is difficult to imagine the way that that that that that that that that that that that the disciples must. Have felt like well okay well like you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know um here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John John John John John John John John John John John starting in um well okay uh so I mean okay you know I mean well verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know you know well so um day of the week when when when when when when when when when when when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the I mean uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well like uh uh Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and and and and and and and and and and and said peace be with so you know I mean so I mean so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants Giants for Kingdom um okay well like uh so okay so you know you know of the the the the the the the the the the the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well well okay I mean like like Smith to gives it it it it it it it it it it it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh uh okay well so like a loss in overtime but a little little little little little little little little little little little bit of a better return to what we used well so like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean like like to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a a a a a a a a a a a little bit of a bit of a uh I mean like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so well I mean well turn around We'll see when we get to that that that that that that that that that that that. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a you know know know know know know know know know know know um um so you know okay you know I mean okay so bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am uh you know uh uh um okay um so well uh Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um well well you know uh I will guide you you you you you you you you you you you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh I mean like um you know well uh 331 The chief got got got got got got got got got got got consists in applying to the conduct of life and I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so um so I mean I mean well um knowledge of the working of natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and well like um okay um so well well well well well well well well well well well like well I mean rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to to to to to to to to to to to do like like you know okay you know um like like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry carry well um you know uh I mean well so um well um information and and and and and and and and and and and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a well so so so so so so so so so so so um okay like so okay okay like well body of water by healing the water water water water water water water water water water water. We also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also also also also also also also also also also also we also we also we also receive this healing ourselves as you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean okay so so well you know our guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean you know uh okay um uh also receive the the the the the the the the the the the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help um well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean well so I mean well people in China to increase their their their their their their their their their their their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I already know my rant already know my rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant of the week this week. Okay, I mean I mean so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um um we're not even done with the I know you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm um like well I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know okay very upset right now. Okay, this okay, this okay, this this this this this this this this this this this okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this this this this this this this this this this this okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever so so like like well well well well well well well well well well well uh so uh like okay talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because because because because because because because because because because because she just happened to walk in and the so you know like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay you know I mean very last episode. But anyways, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert I mean um well um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean so uh I mean um. Oh, yeah. I don't give give give give give give give give give give give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had um so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh well well I mean so you know been watching it for the past two days days days days days days days days days days days. We were up till like o'clock in the well uh you know like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um morning. I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love Cameron and Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them okay um well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, I'm emotionally invested like um okay you know I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like well like in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know okay so okay you know so well little bit whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's uh he's uh he's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh he's uh he's uh he's uh he's uh he's uh he's uh he's uh he's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like okay you know like I mean um uh a very very very very very very very very very very very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay okay you know like uh uh well today we made it it it it it it it it it it it to the last episode. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of of of of of of of of of of of coffee with down you know you know like I mean so so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest for the well well okay um you know you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um uh session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about about about about about about about about about about about the coffee first um I mean you know uh so like uh well so like like like like like like like like like like like and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we we we we we we we we we we we are I mean like you know I mean like well um well um you you you you you you you you you you you know. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a well well well well well well well well well well well well so so okay you know uh I mean like um Friday and I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're um like okay like like like like like like like like like like like like um uh I mean so like in this little cafe actually not not not not not not not not not not not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly uh like like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like um house in Melbourne self American flavor to to to to to to to to to to to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh okay like uh like well um your day to join us us us us us us us us us us us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational like so um uh uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss investing with our well okay you know like like I mean so so like like like like like like like like like like like like investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or or or or or or or or or or or okay so you know uh okay uh like you know um I mean investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect uh well well well well well well well well well well well like so so like um I mean you know so McMaster University the the the the the the the the the the the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so like I mean okay so like I mean undertaken by the individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well like like uh like so you know about the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay okay like okay um like make a podcast. Let me tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you why first of all, it's because it's well I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um well so um you know okay well free. Also, there's a lot of of of of of of of of of of of creation tools that allow you to record and edit um uh um um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay okay well okay your podcast right from your phone or your computer and and and and and and and and and and and anchor will distribute your podcast well you know you know so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh well well for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod like okay uh so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh I mean catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast and there's like I mean so well uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um so no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in uh uh okay like you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well one place? So check so check so check so so so so so so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check so check so check so check out out out out out out out out out out out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so okay like well you know you know so they have have have have have have have have have have have all the information there for you right there. So do it, so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so I mean I mean um you know so I mean you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um so I mean like you know about that for like that that that that that that that that that that that like mid break part where you put like so uh well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well I mean I mean an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can can can can can can can can can can can add and then you do the thing okay uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like um um um you know I mean and then we get back into the the the the the the the the the the the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been you've been you've been you've been you've been been been been been been been been been been been you've been you've been you've been you've been you've been you've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken well um like well um uh so uh you know um Harry Potter podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um okay uh so Charles and I'm Hannah and and and and and and and and and and and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book um like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like um you know you know that this time with added alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading uh well well okay so um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay I mean so chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name name name name name name name name name name name correct name correct name correct name correct name correct name correct name correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct name correct name correct name correct name we discuss. Things that things that things that that that that that that that that that that that things that things that things that things that things that things that things that things things things things things things things things things things things that I like um uh okay so um well uh like so can't remember at at at at at at at at at at at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like uh like um um I mean. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you you you you yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and you should drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make uh okay uh um I mean uh so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well the strongest cocktail. You can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can drink it with her. Yeah do do do do do do do do do do do that. Yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is is is is is is is Eric. I'm um well uh you know uh um well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed we completed we we we we we we we we we we we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed we we we we we we we we we we we completed we completed the first um so you know um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so okay okay half of the New York Times 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon you know uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay so okay uh into it. We realized that it was going going going going going going going going going going going to take a long time. So so so I mean uh so so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like we split it up into two episodes and here we we we we we we we we we we we are back for so I mean so I mean well you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We We We We We We We We We We We give we give we give we give we give we give we give we we we we we we we we we we we give we give we give we give a little bit well uh okay um um you you you you you you you you you you you know well um like okay more context and I think what we've determined is that that that that that that that that that that that the questions are getting like so um um well um uh so okay I mean more more more more more more more more more more more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely Definitely and we're well like so okay uh uh you know like um so in in in in in in in in in in in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh well oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well well well well well well well well well well well oh well oh well I mean well um okay like well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty um you know uh I mean I mean um so well uh okay. I don't know know know know know know know know know know know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know I mean uh uh so um and yeah, it sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know well so like uh mush mouthing the lyrics I I I I I I I I I I I don't know. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's one of one of of of of of of of of of of of Jack's favorite songs I mean uh um okay you know so like uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in in in in in in in in in in in like a I mean you know uh um okay um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh so uh well uh um um uh is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one one one one one one one one one one one of the three founders from medical and you our okay uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so well well uh okay um listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from from from from from from from from from from from a phone call uh uh uh like I mean okay um um um like to to to to to to to to to to to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like I mean okay um uh uh you know uh a pitch the the the the the the the the the the the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well like okay I mean um you know okay it pitch sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay well like um you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well well has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a well well well well well well well well well well well so so uh like so um um uh um big business today on the show show show show show show show show show show show. What a pitch sounds like when all you you know so so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so like so um have are a few scratches on the back back back back back back back back back back back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well well okay um like well um like is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the the the the the the the the the the the investors and Maya Bittner Maya so like okay you know uh I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's my name's my my my my my my my my my my my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my my my my my my my my my my my name's Jordan Harper and join with me you know like like uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so I mean as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes in on after an Alabama win okay like so well okay like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad to have you so I mean you know well okay uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like well back here Matt. How are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are you doing? Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's good to be here good to like you know um so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well get a win so I can actually record today. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's pretty good pretty good um you know um um so you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm glad to have you here here here here here here here here here here here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after so you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know okay um losses. But today we're glad to to to to to to to to to to to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know you know um um uh on a sec sec sec sec sec sec sec sec sec sec sec podcast. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can follow him on Twitter at Blake level level level level level level level level level level level and he I mean um like like so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so um so he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by by by by by by by by by by by night and it's very so well okay okay I mean like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um popular within the SEC basketball community and does a a a a a a a a a a a great job of covering SEC uh I mean you know I mean okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are how how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how how are how are you doing boy? Well, it's like uh um like okay like so so so so so so so so so so so well uh um funny you guys. Talking about talking about talking about talking about about about about about about about about about about about talking about talking about talking about talking about talking about talking about about about about about about about about about about about talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin I'm sin I'm sin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sin I'm sin I'm sin I'm sin I'm sin I'm sin I'm sin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo I mean so I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like well you know yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up? So this week has been very like well okay so so uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like well you know interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues one can say I mean like I mean okay like you know so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like you you you you you you you you you you you know well well um I mean okay uh uh um okay Darkness. And just trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind like uh like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like well um okay of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity that I also uh well um uh like well so well like uh have inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does so um well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay okay so um the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I uh okay you know you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean uh um sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is is is is is is is is is is is Michael and I will be your okay well I mean okay um you know well so so so so so so so so so so so well you know host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink rethink refocus and to renew um you know so so you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory verse is taken um you know I mean well I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so so like so from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and and and and and and and and and and and greatest day uh uh well uh okay um I mean okay um um of of of of of of of of of of of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who like like like like like like like like like like like like like so uh okay I mean I mean uh well is thirsty come to to to to to to to to to to to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well I mean you know like well uh okay Through the lens of the the the the the the the the the the the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for for for for for for for for for Saturday well you know so okay like like you know um um um um um um um um um um um um okay mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and and and and and and and and and and and he likes uh you know you know so um uh like so uh you know to to to to to to to to to to to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um um uh um I mean um I mean uh guest. Mrs. Whitman's story story story story story story story story story story story. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know her story is going to resonate with with with with with with with with with with with so many you know um well okay well uh well like you know um um um um um um um um um um um of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through through through through through through through through through through through you know um I mean okay um so well so well um. If you you you you you you you you you you you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her her her her her her her her her her her pretty well at the so well okay um I mean well I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know well end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now. I know so well so so uh so okay um I mean well this sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like okay I mean well okay okay so okay to hear her story story story story story story story story story story story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh you know so about how she weather's so many many many many many many many many many many many different storms that have taken place in her life like uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh like um you know like. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what what what what what what what what what what what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you you you you you you you you you you like okay I mean I mean um like you know um uh like like like like like like like like like like like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor uh so okay like okay like um you know okay I mean is the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are you know know know know know know know know know know know like um um um uh well um like like creation tools that will allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know so okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know from your phone or your computer. And the the the the the the the the the the the best thing is Anchor will distribute your so okay well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like uh uh like podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts you know I mean like okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all all all all in one place, okay okay okay okay I mean well well you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay so don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m-- well you know like uh okay so okay so I mean um to get get get get get get get get get get get started. Alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's um you know I mean um like okay okay uh so well up you you you you you you you you you you you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number like like like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know so I mean okay like you know four and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together okay um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like well uh like well for four weeks. I guess what they say say say say say say say say say say say about time flies when you're having fun okay um uh so well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well uh. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks All right, start the so so like you know like so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a a a a a a a a a a a intro. Yeah. Yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do um well uh so so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh you know so uh the music for the guest right now. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this the show this is where um you know like I mean I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well um you know I mean in the show now usually might go we say hello and and and and and and and and and and and introduce the podcast and so so I mean um so so so you know like like like like like like like like like like like like then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today today today today today today today today today today today. We're going um I mean um I mean um okay like like well okay to to to to to to to to to to to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so so like I mean so I mean play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me I mean so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well um explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast I mean you know so okay well well okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know um right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it uh you know I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean um so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more more you can make money like um uh like you know um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in I mean um uh so um well well uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now this I mean like um okay you know so like uh like uh Pawn class is is is is is is is is is is is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so so so so so so so so so so so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed so delayed welcome back like so like like like um well okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so happy to be be be be be be be be be be be here with you all uh you know well uh okay like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady back. Yes well so so like okay okay I mean well like uh. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be be be be be be be be be be be back I mean okay you know uh uh well uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so so so so so so so so so so so far and um you know um well I mean okay uh well well so don't forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as like like like like like like like like like like like so so uh so um well so um I mean what podcast you would guys would would would would would would would would would would would like to hear what topics you'd like us to you know uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh you know uh discuss. So we are in mind that if you you you you you you you you you you you are sending suggestions that there that I mean like like uh okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So So So So So So So So So So So please don't think you're being ignored. There are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are there are there are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise so so so so so so so so so so so so you know um I mean well well so well I mean you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to share a a a a a a a a a a a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy uh you know okay um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay you know. So their focus is all about execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy. Okay, many people come you know uh I mean okay like okay like like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless countless countless countless countless countless countless countless countless countless countless um I mean um uh I mean um so okay okay you know hours countless efforts of of of of of of of of of of of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even um uh like like like like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean uh well uh set of strategic plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean I mean like well uh uh so, but the problem is sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um so like well um because they don't really put extra effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of of of of of of of of of of of um so you know I mean like so you know you know okay you know all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well like um okay um so anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question question question question question question question question question question question. Yes watching. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not not not not not not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not a trick question um um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh I mean like well you know okay um. Okay. Do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to to to to to to to to to to to fucking okay I mean you know you know you know so like so so so so so so so so so so so you know like kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of out out out out out out out out out out out of out of out of out of out of out of out of out out out out out out out out out out out of out of out of the day I mean I mean okay like so so so so so so so so so so so like so uh um uh that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his his his his his his his his his his his whole life trying to so I mean like you know uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well like so prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days days days days days days days days days days days for $18,000 um so uh okay okay um I mean um um okay making a a a a a a a a a a a rocket. He said he said he said he said he said he said said said said said said said said said said said he said he said he said he said he said I happen when the the the the the the the the the the the rocket took off the parachute went off okay you know so like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well so I mean um of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell fell fell fell fell fell fell fell fell fell fell out class as we could have you know uh I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like like been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for for for for for for for for for for for being a fucking idiot $18,000 I mean well I mean you know uh okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. That's um well so well you know well okay so you know I mean a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And And And And And And And And And And And today I'm interviewing had girl so you know so I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh okay well Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So So So So So So So So So So So is so is so is so is so is so is so is so so so so so so so so so so so is so is so is so is he um like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay uh I mean um uh do you find it hard to balance balance balance balance balance balance balance balance balance balance balance time between all the stuff you do? well you know well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um um Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the the the the the the the the the the the a-levels bought everything else had like you know uh like um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you that you you you you you you you you you you you that you that you that you that you that you that you that you you you you you you you you you you you that you that you have to learn especially when well well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh um well doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days days days days days days days days days days days where I meant to okay you know I mean like so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so uh I mean so you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know um okay I mean do need to have ways of getting around that that that that that that that that that that that which may involve meeting uh you know um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean okay up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host so well like um I mean um okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music music music music music music music music music music music in the background, okay you know you know okay like well um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a well so like like like you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know well like copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey friend. Just wanted to thank well so um uh you know so like well like like like like like like like like like like like uh you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue I mean so I mean well okay like like uh um uh to send your your your your your your your your your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like you know you know you know like like I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well well again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my so well well well well well well well well well well well you know well uh I mean like um so um favorite the one one one one one one one one one one one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know I mean I mean like like so our space space space space space space space space space space space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh um so I mean um uh you know like York Times bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well like okay okay on the bright side and it is is is is is is is is is is is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in um like so so so so so so so so so so so you know um um okay uh okay um a little bit and I I I I I I I I I I I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what hi, what hi, what hi, what hi, what hi, what hi, what what what what what what what what what what what hi, what hi, what hi, what hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good good good good good good good good good good good stuff. This is well so well I mean like uh um well you know well well well well well well well well well well well episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know well so you know well you know two very close friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and um so well well well well well well well well well well well like uh well I mean okay okay okay we're all very different people but but but but but but but but but but but we get along like great and the thing is okay uh uh um so so so so so so so so so so so like well uh so uh what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all all all all all all all all all all all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have uh you know I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay um I mean I mean um different ideas. But the thing is were very close close close close close close close close close close close friends. And if anything that like so so uh uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could could could could could could could could could could could uh you know well uh so uh I mean um I mean okay go ahead and and and and and and and and and and and please tell me about your background how which like of course well well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well well okay um um Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and and and and and and and and and and and I grew up very Buddhist very like like well so you know know know know know know know know know know know like so like I mean okay strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann okay so so uh so like uh uh like I mean Foster. And this is a a a a a a a a a a a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know um so uh so well okay uh there be so many words words words words words words words words words words words in explaining what it is, but I think I've um okay uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so so explained it properly in every episode so far far far far far far far far far far far. So in season one, we were looking okay so okay so okay well uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so like at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is is is is is is is is is is is sort of like also not so I mean uh you know you know okay uh um so so so so so so so so so so so uh Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking uh I mean I mean I mean I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um well you know at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
