Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show uh uh uh um start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush uh well well well too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking um um um I mean about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, one like uh of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there there there was a uh you know kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Mongol Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders okay um called the cons and could a union was was was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian the Brian the Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma Puma Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form okay okay before we get to talking talking talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got you know okay to to to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is is is Don like like Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is is is golf division I mean so up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that that that you have a lot okay I mean of product not just in the Gulf side, side, side, but true also has what okay okay a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am Am Am I am I correct on all I mean you know this before? Before we before we we we before we get going. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so so so okay okay we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle middle middle of last well uh year and then you know, we have a hockey Division Division Division. I lacrosse I lacrosse I lacrosse division are Baseball you know um division and they they they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent like uh company company company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were well um really really really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand thousand thousand nine playoff so so winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast been so um a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op Co-op Co-op view you've gone okay I mean from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very very very rare. You're not been on well so the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career career career since In a few ways ready you know well to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're counting we're counting we're counting okay I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals of of of the past 31 years today. We're looking I mean okay back to April 30th 1993 when when when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games okay well away from from from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent so like like like. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife knife knife well um would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events events events okay okay from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen I mean uh free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 30th 30th april 30th april 30th 1993 the quarterfinals I mean like of the Hamburg open 19 year year year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the podcast I mean well where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and and and for some reason um okay he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and and and and and and and today we are shifting a little bit. We well we well we well well well I mean are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to to to shift a okay like little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping them out um uh at the moment boys thing you don't know about about about this episode is I've opened well well up the line. So at any stage, stage, stage, you may get a call from a listener, um uh even though this this this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer well like the question and and and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are I mean mean mean like swept that is this If is this the quad point is this this this or we getting well okay cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings makings makings of like okay a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just just just a chapel um uh just as you just smack it down six months months months because I it's been nagging uh like us for the last two weeks weeks weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get uh I mean enough signal and and and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time uh uh before before before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I I I uh uh think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog dog dog how to do nothing uh well for long periods of time helps with with with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge um um advocate of exercise like we we we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's okay like like I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We like well well well feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too well uh uh uh many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, in fact, in fact, we've got got got a great how okay so to start your dog on Raw e-book on on on our website that you can buy like so. It's like 1999 and you can can can download it and and then we're big okay you know on engagement games or or or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're remember we're remember we're we're we're pet uh um dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs dogs dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must you must you must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must must must share everything together. Ladies you know so and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but so you know beware the sweetest sweetest sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your for your for your own safety safety safety seen Faster Pussycat so so kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this on this on this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 3 3 Rojas Anthony is well you know someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He He He has been on the podium I mean like. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is is is always exciting to watch be sure uh you know to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to be funny. I'm going going going back and forth. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to like so think of topics. I'm I'm I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife like okay on on on Yeah. Well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife. It's because it's because it's because well you know I don't have a wife to to to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in so uh a glass. What's up up up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is this is this is how we're going to start um like like like this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just just just you know like started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass bitch-ass bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah um well. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes well well discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme you know um Caution for children under under under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was it was it was a good day for for for I mean um fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow snow snow melt from the mountain so you know swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River River River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition well okay for fish right for the catch catch catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching I mean well for a spot spot spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught caught caught okay well something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a a a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed it bombed it bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking uh I I I mean this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually actually actually you know well played a huge part in the human trafficking that we we we see in America today. So um so we're actually going to be be be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories uh uh about how adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in so well well well Hollywood. We are we are we are going to give you some facts about this whole whole whole situation after these uh uh sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out out out to Anchor if you have heard like well about anchor is the easiest way to to to make a podcast. I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain real quick and so like let you you you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you uh I mean to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my my my closest I mean you know friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're We're We're going to feel better and um um that are to do right fucking Savage. This is is is sad, but shower a podcast uh um where we sit with ourselves each other and special special special guests to share the Journey so well of going from said, bitch. That bitch bitch bitch in this first episode Jay uh um and I roll around the ideas. We We We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell uh you know for six years years years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of uh you know have have have to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is uh well because you you you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's um I I I mean not really the real life. It's just it's just it's just like like like you build with someone. Yeah, well you know and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been um um um um told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines sardines sardines um well underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines sardines sardines was uh well powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and and and push it I mean I mean the other way tile friends. If you want to to to change for better in this industry, uh like if you want higher prices, if you wish wish wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up like well well well. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active active active be active Navajo okay uh may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a a a well a well a big question mark on well uh that hair Chirac Chirac Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a well I mean mean mean total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually actually actually you know well opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now so now so now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do you know know know okay with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a a a podcast okay um series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their their their I mean you know life and their families. I'll be your host every every every Fortnight. So make so make so make sure that you you know like stay stay stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with like you know three-eighths three-eighths three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week week week I mean um. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come come come back I mean like. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video video video this episode to your friends uh I mean your family to anyone who who who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll um uh be more more more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So I mean you you you know let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know know know podcast. This uh okay is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk talk talk about giving like so up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for for for peace. I think I think I think I think that okay so it's it's it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are we are we we we are imperfect like Just okay okay it's The Human Condition. I want you to to to know that every single person on planet Earth you know well is not getting it it it. All right, they may look like they're getting it right uh like like like because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really really really well like paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, seriously, seriously, I'm gonna like so guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a um um um you know podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is is is a free I mean like app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All All All you need is an idea like so. They've got they've got they've got all the the the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need you know um including music music music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone um you you you know or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM FM FM to get started um uh. In this episode we look at very simple things. You You You can do in 5 um well minutes per day to start changing your life life life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cream cream cheese made with well so only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's That's That's perfect for spreading on you know um your morning Bagel. Now where you get get get that big ol should be the only subject you know okay for debate the cream cheese cheese cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 I mean mean mean like Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime lime lime. And today and today and today I'm um I mean joined by Craig gains Mallory Mallory Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast like okay the handwritten. Thank Thank Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him you know well send send send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you like uh uh uh note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them like so a a a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see like like like uh Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things things things you I mean you know want to tell some stories. You want to to to crack jokes and be a comedian. You uh you uh you uh like just just just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free free free okay okay and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You You You can record uh you know on the go. Some of some of some of of of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, okay well you can can can record while on the road you don't have to do it at like like like uh home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish publish publish it. It like it like it like like uploads all the platforms that you you you want to use it to and boom. You've got uh you know a podcast in your your your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I like I like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for I mean like Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing start brushing brushing brushing start brushing on the top of your mouth you know so on one side, but don't don't don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk well well about heroic women from history history history today. We have we have we have the story of two heroines Helen Keller Keller Keller so okay and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind blind blind and deaf. Helen so well Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 100 100 years ago. Helen was blind well well and deaf which means she couldn't see see see or hear her world was dark and quiet so okay Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, her, her, but they couldn't figure out how she like uh couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in like like like you know case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate jerking off or something like like well that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye eye eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't uh I mean have we we we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story uh you know because because because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% 30% 30% okay you know of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to to to tell ya uh well but the the it was still funny. I got I got got got I got some messages about that. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week well well well I mean of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about about about the latest in uh um video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from week week week from week from New York City and bounce around cables well I mean and and and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As As As well well always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change change change the so well copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard brizard brizard like Chase you know okay Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could could could Chase for being here - well you know out to chase you guys guys guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to so I mean chase again for for for yeah step in there. It was it was it was it was dope to hear hear hear the okay you know show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the the the okay like fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be be be born as uh like he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack crack crack of thunder and a deluge like um of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped stopped stopped in his tracks like so the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard heard heard years before if you do um I mean. Do this do this this this do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become um um um like prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads the heads heads heads the heads of the mighty you know okay will fall your cities will will will be devoured by Flames. He shook he shook he shook his head. He couldn't think think think uh I mean about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must must must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you thank thank thank you thank you so much so um for tuning in listening. We hope we hope hope hope we hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it you know you know know know. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will okay you you you know really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow well well well so this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going going going to like well get you, you know a feel for what we're going to to to be doing with um like this. We hope we hope we hope you like it it it. Also a big shout out to Eric case you know so dude. Thank you you you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us um uh past our our our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the um I I I mean right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment moment moment. That's something I mean I mean we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying trying trying to figure out how to edit well um it and smooth everything out that's that's that's best for your ear holes so that so well you can enjoy the the the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode this episode this episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to to to you by anchor um so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain guys. So it's so it's so it's free so like their creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone well I I I mean or computer through their app. They will they will they will distribute distribute distribute your podcast on anchor so that you know uh it can be heard on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you so like can really imagine you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and like so it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their okay okay okay so app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot so you know f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks bricks bricks and buckets podcast. We are we are we are okay okay glad and and and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording uh uh just having a a a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today you you you know you know. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the the the now folded London so you know City Royals and we are we talked talked talked about who he thinks is going to win um uh the BBL Championship his toughest toughest toughest opponents and how it was playing for the uh uh Royals and more. It's It's It's another it's another it's another short one. It's going it's going it's going to be be be about five minutes. No, I mean like well that's segment is going to be about about about five minutes, but the whole thing's you know you know a whole show. Hit Hit Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it well um um um. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, the the the oh, the oh, I'm just okay okay going to run give you a rundown of the the the all the games this weekend and I I mean um will I'm going to to to talk about something else as well. So first game and okay okay the Wolves beat beat beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a okay okay okay okay quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't haven't haven't heard um like about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast why you ask let you know I mean me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um you know right from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it um okay okay okay can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also you you you know like make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which starship which which which starship which is pretty huge you you know I mean guys it's everything you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free like like like like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to to to the you know um show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you you you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to well uh all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without without without like like a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on every imaginable topic so well plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss an episode I mean so premium users can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily you know like share what you're listening to with with with your friends on Instagram, so if you well I mean haven't done so already already already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal well uh Health daily daily daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure uh so to to to follow me. So you so you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health Health Health daily. This is so I mean Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets sets sets the smart way to build muscle uh okay fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness Fitness Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, begin, begin, please okay so find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel to feel to feel grounded and centered.
Being an being an being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual spiritual spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get um so cornered into being the guy who has has has all the answers. I'd like I'd like I'd like to take this so okay opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I I I have theories um okay. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we we we can't stay here like okay. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here here here through my journey. It's become evident like I mean that A participant is no longer longer longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my uh so confessions. To get get get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to so you know know know today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk you know you know know know about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and and and um uh I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that that that and that is Leticia stop who well um has just been arrested this week week week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you like um follow me at all then then then you know, I have said since day one the like like beginning that that that she was guilty get. T they tthey tthey call RT guilty, yes, we we we all um you know knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently impatiently impatiently for her to finally so well be brought to justice for what she has has has done and be arrested and it has finally well well happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie when Marnie when Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we we we had nothing to do with uploading uh like it and putting it online. But But But now we do it was kind of complicated so um and confusing it was was was nice to have it all done for us and we well uh went through a few different different different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which uh well is awesome and who who who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools I mean uh that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or well you know computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so so so it can be heard on you know you know Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the the the place and you can make money from your podcast well you know with no no no minimum listenership. So if so if so if you have a hundred listeners a a a month, guess what you know okay you can so make a couple of bucks from from from that and I think it's worth it well I mean all the other sites make make make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get I mean I mean mean mean you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a a a podcast I mean well in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor dot f you know so m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is this is this is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt disrupt disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one okay you know Bitcoin show. Today is March the first first first 2020 strong hand golden age of okay um the 2020s baby had. Height we're we're we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were okay okay talking about about about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on um um um like confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't well don't well well well don't literally have so um Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me me me the Koozie send me the you know I mean Koozies know send me yours yours yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I so so stole that from Krista, so so so don't take it there. She'll take she'll take she'll take it back. I know know know make uh like sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please please please I will okay, and also I okay like have TVs on my counter. I got got got cookies on my counters, who's they like well also have random Koozies from like friends friends friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it um you know. I dig it. It's fucking fucking fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's uh I mean it may may may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just okay okay okay okay know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could could could I mean uh steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine nine nine of them half over okay so half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and well well well so we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with okay okay okay well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy healthy healthy relationships where like like you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship relationship relationship nerd. That's and this so well is you and everyone else. So in our first first first episode we kind of just wanted you know I mean to introduce ourselves because Hayley Hayley Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want I mean I mean this to look look look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why uh um should you listen listen listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to um like kind of of of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes hopes hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name my name my my my name is Alec. Oh my God okay okay. Jerry last jerry last jerry last last last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific so so embarrassing experiences experiences experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think I think I think he's he's he's okay well I mean. I'll go I'll go I'll go first because because because I got a good one. This happened this happened this happened just this um well morning morning morning. I see I see I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me let me let me pull up.
Hey guys hey guys hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign resign resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic okay like and you're listening to horns and wings the the the podcast where we read through Saga well uh one issue at a time. Yes, and and and we will finally answer the question. Will like you know we make a a a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said he said he said said said uh you know this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works works works. Okay, that's okay, that's okay, that's fast like you know. How long how long were were were you sitting on that one? How long how long how long was I sitting like like like um on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode episode episode. That's a okay uh visual. Hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, this is good book book book really. This is a good book. I you I you I you you you know you know just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love love love this cover this well well. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's L's L's well you know Kelsey steel. It is it is it is March 3rd 3rd 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here okay okay for season 2 of of of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the you know I I I mean 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is is is your off um um season first and foremost Scott. Do you do you do you you you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked you know okay out and and and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off you know know know like and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time time time. Then I mean so sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my my my alarm. Yeah, and I um so think the remnant or like the remedy was was was like a rowdies preseason game or um okay something. I showed up and I was like, like, like, whoa, we're like it's like what's um um happening? This is happening there soon soon soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like like okay yeah, we're back in the the the swing of things. We are good for real like so back in the the the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give give give you you know okay guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and um you know podcasts in one one one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium no premium no premium account necessary Spotify has has has okay I mean a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one you're listening to right okay um now and you can follow those podcast. So you you you never miss an episode you well okay can share what you're listening to with with with friends on Instagram. And if you are a you know okay premium user you you you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you I mean you know know know are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app so so so well search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library library library Tab and give us I mean um a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking of which let's see what uh uh we've got on The Ledger today. This is is is optimal relationships daily episode um like 647 what I wish someone had told me me me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast podcast podcast um uh with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in in in this episode okay well we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle muscle muscle gain, essentially the um I mean order of importance for you and your your your clients to make sure that they're building like um muscle as quickly and efficiently as as as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael well well. This is not a a a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one so like minute into the podcast and and and then I realized that we have a little bit so uh of of of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and and and regulations okay um around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set set set it up properly so um to par. But now but now but now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on okay okay okay you know I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath breath breath. That's all you well um have. The current the current the current heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? so you so you you you so you know Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people people people watching you know like on YouTube for you. This is this is this is episode 2 2 2 there were 19 episodes on your okay you know normal podcast app, which which which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm um uh not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year year year old patient. Timothy okay timothy okay timothy okay uh Hardwick was admitted to the hospital hospital hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would uh so die in the care of of of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later well uh. Welcome to today and true-crime true-crime true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's you you you know I mean crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under under under so uh 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial serial serial killers who was like well later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to to to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's 's 's I'm uh okay pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing doing doing some live training you know so to Bluestone College. I did four locations in in in one hit which is the power okay um of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough where you can be in four you know like places at one time. So very very very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired you know okay. Is this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before but before but before we we we uh like get into that, I want to give a shout out out out so over the last couple of like I mean weeks. I've been running running running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone um like that leaves a a a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will okay um enter them them them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I I I just I mean like been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine divine divine spiritual Seekers um so looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their their their purpose. I am your host um so e let Louis and I'm here to to to help you find your light and awaken well like to your truth together. We We We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories okay uh and deeply dive into what what what it means to be a soul having a um so human experience. So come on in in in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and um like healing energy emanating through your body body body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I hello, I hello, I am uh um um um back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but but but I went okay uh off to have a baby most of you know that that that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in like uh the the the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when that's when that's when when when I heard it all a like well chance to skirt. It all a money like like like my last girl. He knees he knees he knees are shot I mean okay. The The The top the top the top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor a motherboard a I mean okay towering Drive. I put the ram in the the the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped you know okay it off too fast. Like a a a like a like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly cruelly cruelly well I mean assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is is is like um working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat eat eat their words you know so because I don't know really going billionaire spending money money money. Like I don't care mining corn I mean I mean in my underwear. I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes so like like like. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and and and I mean um digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on okay so so so all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got I got I got a fear.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death death death dolls. Did we just you know uh say that each week? We'll be we'll be be be we'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some I mean so atmosphere light light light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get so you know know know in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort escort escort okay well done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is is is all you okay well see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and and and I'm so so here to talk about my life experiences as a model share share share my uh uh best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news news news about diversity I mean well in the industry and so much more basically reminding reminding reminding you all to stand tall you know okay. Today I'll be talking about who I I I am how I started modeling and made it I mean you know my Korean Courier Courier Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and uh I mean mean mean listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking thinking thinking about you know like doing a podcast for over a year now and kept kept kept pushing it off, but I just so okay had to do it Korean situation right right right now is me and my bedroom under I mean so the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor if so okay you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all all all of well um our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me um uh just break it down for you guys real quick quick quick. It is it is it is 100% free. There's you know uh nothing you you you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools uh okay so that you you you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh well computer wherever wherever wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be you know know know um heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it it it you can I mean um make money from your podcast right out the gate. No No No minimum listenership. You can okay okay start monetizing right away, which is super awesome awesome awesome. It's literally everything that you need okay you know to make a podcast all in in in one place. So download the free anchor app or you know well go to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys guys guys shit out in okay so a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not you know okay doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like like like within a week of um um doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves thieves thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's well okay bullshit. It's what's it's it's it's what's it's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a stick well uh up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think think think my uncle like so killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby baby baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to okay uh another week of beyond the secret secret secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had so well a revelation of sorts after after after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people some people some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of of of okay you know solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek Greek Greek philosopher and you know I mean want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives lives lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates I mean um. You can you you you can you can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify Spotify Spotify follow famous faiths today in okay I mean the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? sir sir Yes. Yes. What is it that well uh you need? Are you indeed who who who I think you are? I'm not certain I mean so any man is who who who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the okay you know stoic stoic stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my so I I I mean son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career career career first for three um um decades. I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated myself that that that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone well I I I mean if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found found found someone um well. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I I I don't think anyone could ever okay so ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll We'll We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should like so have been my life previously on on on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't this wasn't this wasn't so so so uh the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was he was was was he was just some boring guy okay okay Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and and and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would well I mean take his career Kevin. You You You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with with with another episode of you know you know I'm not racist today. We're going going going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're so you know know know here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation conversation conversation okay I mean on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior senior senior at st. Francis. Okay um you know. And so I guess the first question is is is have you ever I guess experience you know um like a stereotype at least a a a racial one. And if so, what was it and okay I mean yeah I can start start start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about like well well well anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to to to explain. It's like uh actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free free free. There's a there's a there's a creation you know well tool that allows you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um you know your your your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not that's not that's that's that's not how we do it so you know. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can um you know be heard everywhere. That's That's That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more okay well and you can make make make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well so you need to to to make a podcast and one place. So go so go so go ahead and download download download the so you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- to get started. And so well now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's it's it's hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to tell you well uh about our friends friends friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you you you you know like can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the what the what the couch I'm I'm I'm here once again, but other podcasts um you know another one. Yes, that's right. You You You could you could you could okay what other episode no, no, it's not so well. It's not not not it's not it's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To To To another episode of I mean well what the coach thing. Is that good? good good Yes, that's next time. You complain about okay um me saying no many many many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the uh uh uh um intro. Okay. This was this was this was the entire show show show you how it's done, right? You know you like um want okay do it it it. You know you know you know you already did the intro. I will I will will will I will do the next intro I mean you know. Why have why why why have why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't can't can't I can't I can't wait so okay to talk about this movie. But this is is is a effin great. This was like wow, well uh this is like a real real real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie uh well me feel masterpieces masterpieces masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get I mean mean mean I mean into but I know that it was a good movie because because because I'm like, oh okay okay I could easily talk about this for a a a minute. There's a lot to talk about like you know and it feels like are we we we getting into it or my okay now, let's not well so get into it. Okay, here here here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast so um. My name name name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God um you you you know. Mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you you you guys quickly about uh I mean Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all all all of your favorite artists and uh like podcast and one place that's for free. You You You don't even need a premium account and well uh that is great because let's let's let's face it. We are all trying to save a you know like little bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you you you so you like okay never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to like um with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to I mean well listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, me, me, you probably have well uh too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is is is actually useful. So if you haven't uh um done so already download the Spotify Spotify Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on so well Spotify or browse podcasts in in in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to I mean okay follow follow follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice uh uh uh okay. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody everybody everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode like I mean 45 of optimal living advice advice advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love love love I love I love nerding well uh out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort so uh of thing, but when when when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real you know uh nerds nerds nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and um um um um side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you if you if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the like you know easiest way to make a podcast last explain explain explain so first it's free and okay so everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do do do it? Yeah. I mean, I love okay okay free things. So there's also creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh uh your own podcast right right right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your uh you know podcast podcast podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these well like platforms platforms platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from you know know know I mean your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you you you need to make a podcast um so all in one place. So download the the the free anchor app today or go to Anchor I mean well dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast well well well like for C2 English level students. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Alba Casado a a a student sharing her journey uh you know towards Proficiency in English now sit sit sit back. Relax, and relax, and relax, and enjoy the show well uh and don't don't don't forget to hit subscribe. So you so you so you don't miss any of of of my episodes I mean um. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are we are are are we are going to talk about the tasks well um in the C2 proficiency proficiency proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced um so. We already talked talked talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting you you you know um as we breathe. Screams and screams and screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from from from the tree of okay you know life. You come and I feel the hands hands hands of God touching me. And I well uh calm and you fall to your knees and and and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds well uh of making love my breath is a a a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath so I mean the Breath of Life kissing my lips lips lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make so I mean me high higher than than than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really I I I really I really so uh appreciate your support. I hope I hope I hope you're you're you're getting a lot out of studying the so well Bible in this way by by by looking at the literal sense of the text, you know um which is something we we we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to um um um I mean talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage okay okay okay uh. It's quite unlike everything else. We see we see we see in the the the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 well well to 9, which is the Transfiguration Transfiguration Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his you know like brother John and and and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in there in in in there in okay well their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back back back okay well today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did what did did did what did I say? like you know You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD PhD PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I so like knew you'd want to say the full title title title. Right love it before we jump into so well this episode. I I I would I would I would like to remind everybody. If you if you if you you you find yourself in a situation where okay well you need help or need need need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to um like help help help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We like well discussed discussed discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding you you you know um World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and and and I'm Robin I mean um. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss discuss discuss all of our um so thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's that's that's over now today. We're discussing scenes uh uh 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and and and Where to Find Them first. We have we have we have some like you know know know announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please okay okay okay um feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag hashtag hashtag wizard team on um I mean Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love love love with 13 have a uh like few extra guy in flying around donate to to to block us create check out I mean um our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and I so like don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank Thank Thank you for listening uh you know by the way, but if you haven't heard about about about anchor it's the easiest um uh way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked locked locked up during this quarantine and uh so a few people have reached out to to to me and asked for advice on how to um um get their podcast started started started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way well you know to to to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and like like edit edit edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can you can you can have your fans fans fans leave okay well messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing doing doing that by the like well way, keep them come and keep harassing us us us and anchor will distribute well um the podcast for you and can be heard on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch well um more this so many channels that are podcast podcast podcast is on some of them. I never you know like even heard of so it it it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name my name my name is Alan Alan Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening uh well to the modest artist podcast today. We're We're We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind so uh. It's like 10:00 am am am. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right like uh. So So So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm you know know know uh Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar guitar guitar well so. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right right right. I'm Carlos okay you know and I play drums. And I and I and I I I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's okay you know let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi multi multi um okay people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching Watching Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women women women from Munich So I'm you know uh procedure right? I am South African African African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven okay I mean and and and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus focus focus goes um uh into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over over over a year ago. It okay you know was really interesting because I grew up up up under the time of Apartheid. And so I you know well grew up thinking that that that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler Fowler Fowler with me well you know as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm charm charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this like um entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you you you have to wear that albatross around okay well your neck, but you had a a a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's you know like much appreciated Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like like like so like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, morning, morning, but like okay I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the the the baseball game and like like then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to to to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And like um then you said you stayed overnight in in in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to like well Clemson, South Carolina Carolina Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then I mean um came back back back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do do do not necessarily okay okay stay or reflect those of the company and its management management management for their more so you know the views and opinions of the guests and the the the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season uh uh uh um 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just let's just let's just go and and and tell a little bit about what um you know is actually happening here. So you you you are listening to I've never seen the all um um see which is a a a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of okay um toast. Hyah, Heather Heather Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years okay well of of of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does where does where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue dialogue dialogue on musician's health so uh and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all all all completely. It's really cold okay okay down here. But here we are. We are bad back back back in the podcast Studio at I mean um Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7 7 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to I mean so this episode for a long long long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest so like today today today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to to to I mean okay my nerd Marine. No, it's no, it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with with with the dominating Edge you know so today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick so so so stick so stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008 you know like. I had had had I had I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the the the California coast from Los like uh Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on on on a train before. But this was special um well. It was it was it was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you you you have you have you ever thought about starting I mean like your own podcast? podcast podcast You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor uh so it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's so like free free free. That means that means that means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has has has creation tools that like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or computer well well. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you. So it so it so it I mean okay can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty well well podcast podcast podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make I I I mean you know money from your podcast and you don't have to have any any any minimum listenership. Anchor you know like is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one place. So what so what so what you know well do you do do do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F I mean mean mean you know m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this so this so so so this is our first uh well in a couple of weeks due due due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you well okay that did notice notice notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we well you you you know did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it it it is okay like only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as as as always so M okay uh. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how how how are you? I am also I mean okay fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty pretty pretty much make sure the world goes I mean you know around I think so so so. We are we are we are actually joined by another and we are honored well like like like and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a a a physicist cancer I mean um researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, which I'm not just saying like so this because he's they're here. I did actually actually actually say it to Mike off air as well okay you know. It is it is it it it is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the and the and the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very okay you know traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right right right in front of uh uh my eyes. I just I just I just sat sat sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it so uh was was was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the table table table so so next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I I I also realized I you know well had broken the first rule. Hopefully other other other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much you know I mean damage. This is going going going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was okay you know know know to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer closer closer um I mean as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I I I you know like am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to to to the last episode and welcome um okay to anybody who is a new new new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going to I mean I mean be be be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to I mean like like like put together this like algorithm. And so and so and so I just wanted wanted wanted to kind of film you know um and put together. Kind of making it I I I guess is the best way to um like put it I mean so so so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I mean um I I I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big uh you you you know fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the I mean mean mean you know ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with with with the PSA Pop well um reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, cards, cards, so Here's basically what I like um got, so like I was looking at like players players players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have have have to open um so up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your your your fling flang, right? I so I mean am before you're going to see how easy this this this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh like uh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris Chris Chris shared in other words, otherwise okay uh known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's that's that's mr. Christmas to you. What's okay what's okay what's okay you know your name Chris? Chris Chris Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino I I I mean okay tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date date date myself. They well um call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's it's it's Sydney. I like to so you know pronounce it. Mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr mr mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a so um um um pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about about about I mean you know. It wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish like uh and there you go you are are are without electricity today. So we're going to you know I mean try to make make make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over okay so there there there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think think think we're good to go. And so and so and so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation reputation reputation okay okay for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise industry the diamond okay um industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow follow follow every generation and none of like so them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts experts experts told Business News Daily that these you know um facts about Job hopping aren't at at at all what they seem here are a few like um common ones and how to to to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one okay okay okay okay myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials Millennials Millennials like well jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from from from the US Bureau of um okay Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with with with companies longer than they did 25 years ago well I mean in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I wait, I wait, I can make money off of the clothes in in in my own closet sign like well me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Christina Christina Dean. I am the owner of so uh seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a a a reseller for about half a year. I've like well created an Instagram account to Market Market Market my items and connect with other postures in the community like uh here. I I I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the I mean mean mean okay way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you you you enhance well so and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig gig gig with being a like so reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host host host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning so you you you know all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you like um um um guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how how how they uh so are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those those those of you you know like who are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back back back. For those of you who so uh are new. I want to quickly introduce myself myself myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm well well an American English teacher. I have have have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English well well to speakers of other languages, languages, languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it it it um um those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be be be back with my favorite um you know podcast. The friends cares the hair up they they they are hey, if you are very distressed so I mean Jean Nicolet on movie movie movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo uh um the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova so so attitude attitude attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked well so up. Ski Ski Ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball baseball baseball data, but you know uh then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is is is Friday, like um March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you you you because it uh so feels like there's been a lot going on this week, week, week, even though we've been on spring well you know break. I usually only send send send an email with a link to the theory courses. So okay okay if if if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical well well well I mean group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on on on to them or um okay tell them to contact me so I can send send send them the link. This is important I mean uh information that I want all of you you you to have. It's going to be even so like more important than usual usual usual for us to be in communication for you to have good well so communication communication communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need you need need need you need to get I mean so in the habit of checking your BC BC BC email. You need you need you need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have have have okay uh a neglected you guys. I'm really I'm really I'm really really really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas okay okay and then you know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now um okay this is Series 2 2 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and uh you know I've got got got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to I I I mean uh and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that that that would uh uh be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please please please to give uh well me a message because I'd love to chat to you before before before we start. I like so just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of of of Caroline Flack and just wanted I mean well to say to people people people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors well well well uh. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to so well well well exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline borderline borderline personality disorder you know well and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and and and I am your host for uh uh this podcast. I want to issue issue issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast which well um is that this this this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention I mean well. So, So, So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast podcast podcast last podcast last podcast in this month's like uh episode. We've got got got we've got we've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director director director at uh you know swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his his his career at Plymouth like you know some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a a a little bit about what okay like is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island Island Island. I do need to apologize for so you know the quality of some of the the the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted so so so well to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this this this you know I mean new way to communicate with the department and what this means means means for DCS going uh so forward as you know, the legislative session is in full full full swing. Our budget plan was I mean um formally submitted and approved in the governor's governor's governor's budget. Into the into the into the general assembly. Also, we presented well well well well our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has has has not I mean okay yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional additional additional changes have been made to you know um our budget up to this this this point. This is a positive step for the department and I mean I mean helps helps helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the the the so like legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected those I I I mean I mean we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and and and supplemented them with additional Research into uh you know Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes comes comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across so um sources are myths may may may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you know know know I mean you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow stumbled through the early early early morning Darkness desperate not to like um lose the trail of his people. He'd been following following following them day and night. He I he I he I mean um was filthy filthy filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long well well well you know arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to to to be deaf and so uh assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the you know so global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel Marvel Marvel features marble is okay uh an American film and television Studio. They They They are best known for producing the so well Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on on on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you uh uh back to celebrity crushes crushes crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking you know so about today's today's today's topic. Back in back in back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took took took a I mean you know trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake remake remake of Spider-Man. I was currently so I mean unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed portrayed portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my um okay life to be altered that day day day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom um you know. That's almost almost almost that's almost that's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older older older you know okay than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best I mean um the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and and and podcast landscape and place you know so where sounds come out of your ears ears ears and your ears biggest supporters of okay I mean Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it so uh up because because because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were were were concerned well well just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the the the money song that well like that one money song that we've been using using using boy. You better give me that money I mean uh. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now okay uh. It was it was it it it was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have like like Alexis Alexis Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready uh uh uh uh and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual okay so. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming programming programming well uh a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But But But if you're um um hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha well so so so T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video video video series well you know we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so so so welcome. I really appreciate okay so you guys tuning in and let's get back back back to business today. So I'm making this you know uh video and podcast right right right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and well um 10 assists assists assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the the the okay uh sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are what are what what what are some undervalued cards of is like okay right. Now that now that now now now that people can go out and buy based on what his base so uh uh uh prism PSA tests. We going we going we going for see what we're seeing seeing seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting you're sitting you're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a a a I'm a I'm a colorist for film television and I mean uh everything in between when when when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work uh so on their projects. They They They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a I mean I I I mean day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors directors directors I mean okay writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now now now our okay so work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting I I I mean um things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color okay okay okay so couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television television television the podcast uh like will talk about color from time to time, but it's really about about about what brought like you know my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the late night vision show. This is is is your One Stop Shop for like I mean everything related to night vision and and and thermal optics the newest breaking news um I mean coming out in the market, market, market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor well so Legacy. Mr. Jason Jason Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to like okay say folks folks folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was was was his um I mean fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying trying trying to say is hey okay you know y'all welcome to the late night vision vision vision show and that he Fumbled it. We okay uh this is a this is is is a one-take show. So if so if so if there's any hiccups or problems, problems, problems, it has okay okay to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling rolling rolling and man he was you know so fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a um so podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could how could how how how could you get anything so well better at something that's free. There's also creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and like well edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer how convenient anchor will also well okay distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um you know and many more you can can can make money from your podcast to with no minimum well well listenership. It's everything everything everything you need to make. Podcast at podcast at podcast at one place download the the the free uh um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get started. Once you know um again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to immerse boys immersed with the so so boys and be immersed by by by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week so so three, but but but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a a a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do what do what do you do baby boo and sugar live in in in to grow Nancy? And this and this and this is you know know know like a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is it is is is it is the beginning of uh you know a fresh new start which means means means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days to okay so set new new new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You like like like well have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them them them March Madness big uh okay game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out out out to all the okay you know birthday babies out there celebrating its its its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener I mean you know discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Minister Aldo uh um Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards. They had been taking well like him to work when the car was ambushed by armed armed armed gunman suddenly the car door okay you know flung open Aldo was lifted lifted lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street you know uh. He shouted let let let me go. What do you want from me? But his but his but his captors captors captors didn't like okay reply. They simply they simply they simply shoved Aldo into into into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the you know so car Aldo's Aldo's Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the uh okay body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's so what's so what's up, up, up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're uh like what lady she's got a spoon in her her her mouth. She just ate shaking like um okay a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce applesauce applesauce. Let them let them let them know but All right, you drop I mean okay the the the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about well well well okay today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say say say yeah, you know well we're not racist Guys. These are these are these are are are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations on so like qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to to to 3, well I mean right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to to to this one you you know uh Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for for for this third Olympics after each you know well Olympics. Do you do you do do do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have how have how have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast podcast podcast is number 42. Now, if well well you've been following us over the the the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that you know you know know know we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Chuck Chuck um well Matias. He talked he talked he talked to us about praying daily. Then Then Then we had Matt Candler join you know you know us talking about fasting weekly weekly weekly and on this episode. We kind we kind we kind of continue that conversation okay well well well. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about about about so like the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift gift gift well I mean as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank thank thank you Dana for uh okay joining us right here with you guys. So your your your mom you're a loving wife so well and you've been here. I hope for a a a long time. So you've obviously um you know spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the the the gift of hunger. So so I mean you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode this episode this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of of of pediatric elbow so well dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations dislocations dislocations usually occur in older children like I mean defined as between 10 to 15 15 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow I mean like fractures including a a a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually so well well well closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment fragment fragment um like in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to to to six percent so like of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male the male the the the male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these okay like injuries are most common common common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these and these and these are so um um um very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of like like like I mean a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand hand hand as so uh far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy healthy healthy. Today like today like today like like we're going to talk about their coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus. But first but first but first of all, I'd like to introduce I mean like like like myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board board board certified Family uh um Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about about about 40 50 patients I mean so a day and the office I'll still go to the the the hospital and usually have you know okay a census. It's been it's been been been it's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal uh uh patients. So So So literally so literally so literally my patients have been very worried about the core core core virus okay I mean and to be honest who is not been worried about about about this. Okay? And therefore and therefore and therefore well I mean I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it it it is I mean I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. It is is is it is it is a platform that speaking of which well so uses and it's awesome awesome awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record so um and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute well okay okay okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and well uh many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum you know okay listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one okay um place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get uh like started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A A A schnee. Ask uh uh Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a a a name for this? okay um We'll get started right after this a lot of stream stream stream coach clients and additional content creators have like um expressed interest in starting their their their own podcast. So this is something that is uh okay interesting for you. Let Let Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this uh you know anchor anchor anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There um I mean mean mean are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well like like like phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on on on well um my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for for for Amazon anchor um so distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 I mean so others at this point. So you don't have have have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of you you you know I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor Mentor Mentor comes in with enough so I mean experience experience of 26 years. I'm here here here to guide you join me as I um uh go along you're joining the words Brendan Brendan Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the you know well business mentor? Hey, have have have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, so well when I began my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind okay you know of host host host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have I have have have I have with me today the like uh lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so so so excited to introduce you to her. She is a well okay fantastic lifestyle coach coach coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I so I mean wanted to to to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways well well well okay to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't don't don't well well feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think think think that you know um Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you you you want to introduce I mean so yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for for for having me on today. I am Kathleen child okay I mean. I am a a a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom well okay and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days uh uh uh so and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right right right is called Snodgrass Portobellos I mean you know across the way from East Kate Kate Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his um I mean right is Omar. Hey Hey Hey guys hey guys hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's How's How's it going? There? I mean like It is and behind me is roommate cow with if if if you can hear him well you know. I don't know if you guys can hear hear hear him. And then tonight we welcome on uh like a very very special special special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my you know know know I mean boo my love in the building. Let them let them let them them them know who you are girl. Hey, well like what's good? It's Gina AKA AKA AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what like, what like, what you you you know I mean do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Ricky Ricky Hey Lola. Yeah, well so I do. I don't like to limit too much with with with the words. But um, I kind I mean so of do a little bit of of of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists you know um. Mhm amongst other things yoga yoga yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why that's why that's why I brought you know know know so you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont dont dont limit well so myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the the the process of making um you know medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, Sebi, Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you uh uh uh well doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you want um um to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not not not much stock boat uh so. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac cardiac cardiac / comeback kids come back like um. You know what that game room. Okay, Okay, Okay, I believe off the where like okay we thought we were talking about a couple of of of episodes ago were talking about house so well like a toxic relationship and I I I was starting to get sucked back in um so. Yep. And then I I I think you were to it's like when fully back so you know on board is fully fully fully back with the Calgary Flames right now I mean uh to start that podcast. I I I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've well well been been been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that well like podcast podcast podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully fully fully I mean you know back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked sucked sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus you know you know game. Got Got Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the the the so so big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished perished perished in like I mean a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would would would change the way people looked like I mean at firefighters and force Congress to to to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest well like service to hear more episodes episodes episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever um so you get your your your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion I mean I I I mean is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm well well well um. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team team team of young I mean you know volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above above above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie Richie Richie is joining me again, and we well well are chatting about finishing a painting last last last week. We talked we talked we talked about getting started the okay well well well painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm well well well like sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio Studio Studio practice well so when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this this this podcast I mean um is brought to you by my online class layer by layer layer layer where you will so you know see Me paint a large abstract painting from from from start to finish. So if you'd you know uh like to see that process head head head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes well like click on layer layer layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The like so coupon is 20 20 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% you know okay on that class class class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom like like like uh offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank Thank Thank like well you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in in in the studio okay um joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks Thanks Thanks for joining us today you know so. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new new new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted you know well logic is. It's a a a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related uh like we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events well okay okay okay. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels you you you know um tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to to to head on over to uh uh you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, Also, Also, we just launched a new giveaway I mean um yesterday and it's pretty cool. So So So we're so we're so we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going well well well uh to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an an an angel well well man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been it's been it's it's it's been a fucking week yesterday uh uh was it was sick the what what what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us you know uh the cup cup cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's that's that's you know I mean kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on on on gravity Mero Mero Beyond okay like pain was above and beyond if you didn't didn't didn't if you didn't lose brain well okay cells last night happy to you, right right right cause like that sure was it was so like if you didn't lose brain cells, cells, cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a I mean okay okay okay podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you you you to you know uh record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or or or computer anchor will distribute I mean well your podcast for you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so so more you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you know uh you need to to to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you so like a question question question. Are you are you are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has has has everybody has everybody has a dream life um like. We all have that picture picture picture in our mind not that life. You want to live so well my my my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people people people like uh would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to to to it you know you know seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem seem seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities like like. I don't have it in in in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the the the well you know go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail tail tail is life saving. Once okay okay upon a time in Taipei. There are there there there are there are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had he had he had had had received you know you know an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he he he booked his ticket but uh okay due to the peak season had to Transit Transit Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a um you know frequent flyer and and and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him so so so uh. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast the art so so of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change change change in our industry who I mean um are ready to stand together to fight fight fight Society standards and become part of a community that okay um elevates each other and and and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you so okay up for for for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special okay um um um guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best okay okay okay well Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo you know know know so. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start start start there. Hi, well hi, well hi, well um my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy Mommy Mommy said mommy said mommy said my business name is starboard editing um like and and and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our our our leadership series okay so for 2020 for international women's day as part of of of this series. We've sat we've sat we've sat down I mean okay with some exceptional exceptional exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what I mean okay makes makes makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's uh uh uh well day. We hope we hope we hope you enjoy the series and thanks thanks thanks for listening. In today's in today's in today's episode well so. We sit sit sit we sit we sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the the the Davidson group Jackie so you know has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry industry industry the majority of them being like you know in senior leadership roles. I also had the the the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We like we like we like like like okay hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk now okay uh. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new new new video new gossip. I I mean um cannot wait to just Dive Right Right Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have like so so much new new new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with I mean I I I mean me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my so so so you know immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love love love having you here I mean I mean. So let's so let's so let's just just just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's well, let's let's let's well, let's do uh I mean Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers prayers prayers up. First of first of first of all for Paul's mom who was well okay okay okay reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's It's It's time it's time it's time um I mean for the only podcast like at at at the mound rigid with your host other day, um so bro, a meddling a good roll roll roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any you know um um um number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out shout-out shout-out to our so uh great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier premier premier enhance quality catching equipment you know I mean. If you're looking to enhance enhance enhance your receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star well you know sportscom sportscom sportscom. And you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the the the well um donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove glove glove that was you know okay designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly weekly weekly CPD you know okay podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to to to help you Ace your a PC or a so like sock Rick's assessment. You You You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual like like CPD hours. If If If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look like well well well. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your your your EPC we've been okay okay asked about this many times. So we now have have have official clarification from our ICS on the um well issue for you firstly. What is is is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid well well get date date date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you well I mean are making making making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of most of most most most of the time we uh um do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In In In and around us. In fact, even well um this physical body which appears to be in in in physical form is essentially energy because if okay well you break down all your your your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into so you know Small little Adam Adam Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are I mean um Energies. They They They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are so so so I mean also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The like well well well run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform transform transform your uh okay training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches coaches coaches and athletes the questions that I mean like you've been dying to know the answers answers answers to we will get the inside scoop like you know on what really really really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you so you know ever ever ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, you know like like like This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive I mean mean mean so to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner runner runner. How to gain so like endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has has has a previous background in a robic well so sports, like distance swimming biking or or or soccer will have an aerobic base already um okay established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it it it before some uh well have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of of of thing, but they okay well all have one common thread which is they know know know where there's a pain in um I mean sports or Esports. They know they they they have a solution for that and they know that so you know there are people people people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to like well well well sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to to to sports like like take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us us us. Once again, so I mean we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Tim Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder well I mean and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a a a global Sports Innovation Hub, including well um accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in in in sports and Esports. They've had like like over 40 cohort company since it launched launched launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I you know well was lucky enough to to to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Lisa Lisa okay um Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a um um um I mean host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not not not any astrologer. She you know so is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's She's She's written two books working on a um well third. She's basically like the hottest Astro Astro Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm uh um gonna bring you guys some some some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady okay uh fire you can can can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that okay okay I I I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website uh uh uh like. She just she just she just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't hey, don't hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your your your morning and night you know I mean toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of of of your mouth on one side and so so brush the inside the outside outside outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week um okay and tonight's heroic heroic heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black um okay women all over over over America. Ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame Madame Madame CJ Walker, so um she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana well okay. Sarah had a hard time time time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter you know um Laila. So So So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson well uh uh uh today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you you you you know you know achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply apply apply and let's so you know Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine equine equine vet and have been for uh like many years. Now. Did that spark appear appear appear very early on in your life or did it I mean um come a bit bit bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, like like like like it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and um um um you know yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope I I I mean okay y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I I I even introduced Matthew, you know um so don't say anything yet Matthew because I I I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the well like Subscribe button. If you loved us then that that that would be so sweet of you you know um. If you could smash the the the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets like uh uh uh the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, now, now, anyways now, anyways now, let so uh me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's What's What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All uh you know right, and you'll work work work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah like you know know know. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip I mean like like like to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on on on our well well demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few few few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going we're going we're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't haven't haven't like I mean heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because because because one it's free and you know um there's a lot of creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know like right from your phone and and and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you well you know make make make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can can can make you know you know easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing sharing sharing your Yes. Thank you thank you thank you so like. Hey guys, it's Taylor or or or some of you may know me as tells and this well okay podcast podcast podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority okay well well well in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many many many so so biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast podcast podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today and today and today so uh we're we're we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind kind kind well like of run through what the shows actually going to be about for for for those who don't well so know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit bit bit about our community. And like um yeah, it's kind of go through the basics basics basics before we get any further for you know so now. I'll just play you in in in with some music and then we'll get started. See you see you see you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay I I I mean uh or reflect those of the company and its management for their their their more the views and I mean okay opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan okay so former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan fan fan and he so uh gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you you you know, some solid tips and I mean like tricks, you know for artists that that that are just starting out and how they um well can A&R their own projects. But then then then as they start to progress in their career uh well how they can start start start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours I mean you know and and and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this you you you know so is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if if if you guys are I mean so looking for more information on how Studio Studio Studio talk can help you out. Check us out um like at Studio talking dotco. Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former I mean you know A&R at Warner Music Group Group Group current founder of management and artist development company well okay. Yo peep this So So So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I I mean I mean mean mean know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network like so. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show show show in store for you well I mean today. Today. We're going to dive into into into the world of Animation. We're going we're going we're going to talk about about about I mean um Pixar Animation studio. And today and today and today I have have have an amazing guest with me a you know okay first-hand animator and one of of of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi so so to everybody look look look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get okay okay okay okay him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me uh well well well and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be like like you you you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and I I I mean well to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of change of change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the show. Quick five I mean uh minutes talk on experience and and and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for um I mean a while while while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe um um um um talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually actually actually you know uh created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not not not skipping a step not skipping you know you know the most important step step step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in so uh this world, especially especially especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is like okay okay okay nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good good good score um so last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the the the Houston Rockets just uh um a waste of time of us trying to win win win so we can get a higher you know you know spot. What does it it it matter? We're not we're not we're not going to get the first but anyway, anyway, anyway, like I mean it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us us us besides the point so uh besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 2018 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr well well. PSA 10. I had I had had had I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred I mean mean mean um and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this this this well uh card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off off off because I so uh was afraid that of exactly this and something that you you you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast podcast podcast. Thank you so like you know much for listening. If you'd if you'd if if if you'd like to support us more. Please head over well so to our our our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly I mean mean mean you know awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to to to our patreon page and uh um see what how you can support us monthly monthly monthly. We love bringing you awesome content okay well just as much As you like like like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello okay you know. I'm so glad you you you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide okay you know under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the woods woods woods with well I mean DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in in in and we look forward okay okay to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty guys, thank you so much uh um for tuning in again. This is the the the first episode of in the woods with EDSA like I mean. So bear with with with us and we plan to get better at each one of you know know know you know these that we do we also plan to have a a a lot of different different guest well like on the show each week. We have a a a trio of different co-hosts that are going so so to be going to be be be helping out and joining us the first of which is I mean so my very own own own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? like like like you like you like you know Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just here I mean I mean to let you guys know that anchor is the best way way way to make a podcast okay I mean online. If you're looking to make your own own own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a so um podcast. It gives you you you everything you need in one place for free, which you um like can use right right right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record like I mean and edit edit edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your your your podcast for okay um you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and well well many more you can easily make money from your your your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean. That's right. You can make money from from from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny so like setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably probably probably the okay I mean biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest greatest greatest of all time Now if you ask you know like me Patriots fan, obviously, obviously, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put but well like if you you you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just I mean like doesn't make make make sense for me for? Somebody like somebody like somebody like him somebody that has been been been in the NFL you know uh for just about 20 years spent it all with with with one team just doesn't make sense for me uh uh to it's just doesn't make make make sense to me. So it so it so it doesn't make sense to um um um um me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 43 43 years like I mean old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has has has an easy way to get you uh I mean going. All you have to do do do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to I mean like get started and you you you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app uh um or go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to um like your own own own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you I mean mean mean okay want to talk about on your own podcast. You can you can you can can can make it by uh okay whatever you want to make it about. It'll be it'll it'll it'll be it'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once okay uh again, go to the the the get the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor dot f f f well um m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another Another Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor uh okay its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's free. There's creation okay uh tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your like okay phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for for for you. So it could be uh um heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you can make money from so well your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you need to make a podcast um like all in one place. So download the anchor app app app. For your for your for your phone or go to well so Anchor FM.com to get get get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're so I mean mean mean going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in in in the sense well like of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're we're we're going to look into it like uh understand that nothing. I say tonight tonight tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the inside the inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here here here. Alongside Adam Kaplan like so Adam. It's going to be our second free agency agency agency show because people can't um uh get enough free agency. I mean I mean mean mean I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what uh I mean you left like like like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we uh you know know know had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were so so so I mean in Indianapolis. We did we did we did our free agency preview preview preview from there and then it just exploded well okay. So obviously so obviously so so so obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the the the um uh Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on on on it so so and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I I I appreciate it and so like WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but it's um okay confusing because we release the last two episodes out of of of order. When one when one when one one you know I mean three three three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? okay so so so How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think you know so so so that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of of of um so like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't don't don't show um uh you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which which which I've heard. It's out you know uh of order. I'm playing would you right right right now? It's ruining my life. It is it is it is ruining your I mean okay okay okay life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do do do. Wait. So what um like are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and and and now which are you like uh so medieval don't you I do. What about about about war? What about like like guns big fan you know like of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little idea how okay well we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We We We use the anchor dot I mean well f m-- recording platform super easy distributes distributes distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's so there's so there's so okay okay okay creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone phone phone or okay well a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download the free anchor app to I mean you know get started. This segment segment segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt so so so okay get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 well well well I mean and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised raised raised so um a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week week week folks. We like so are going to take you on a journey blank to the the the Future and before uh okay you and ask where we are going. You don't need need need green arrows and that's a like okay good thing because you're not going to get get get them here at least not in like okay this episode kind of a topsy-turvy topsy-turvy topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past uh so tear up the usual FPL FPL FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s I mean um um um film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Macos Macos Alonso brace you know well which Drew assisted one. I believe I believe I I I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways uh so he could be considered considered considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to to to all things Animal Crossing well well episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller Hiller Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons uh uh today Sergio and I are going going going to go over the week's countdown questions talk I mean you know about all all all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a okay uh very very very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New well well well well Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm I'm I'm okay like doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But But But in terms okay I mean of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight weight weight. It's been filled with well well a lot of news and then I I I also got some amiibo cards. I well I well I well uh mean putting putting putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want want want to you know so say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning tuning tuning in today. I well like am going to focus on a very touchy touchy touchy topic. This is this is this is a topic that's very uh I mean close close close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided um okay okay okay today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the I mean mean mean I mean elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking talking talking like I mean about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven Aven Aven I mean you know. I hope everyone had a great week. First off off off. I just I just I just want to say thank you so well to to to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram okay um following following following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So so well thank thank thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's you know know know okay Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off off off the uh I mean bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing losing losing to Watford 3-nil like so. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest honest honest. The first loss that well well you go off is 3-nil against walk further further further team is sitting in 17th I mean you know. Literally one exactly one point point point off of the relegation zone. So I uh I mean think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day I'm day I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites sites sites of social media a uh you know weekly social media podcast from buffer covering covering covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings uh I mean to help you and and and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding I'm finding I'm finding finding finding Porter and as um so you might have heard last week, we're working on on on a brand new 10 times you know um version of the science of social social social media. We can't wait to share it with you I mean like in just just just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on well well well you know microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer marketer marketer to have good copy uh you know is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts posts posts and especially on social media in this episode I mean um. We'll give give give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the the the living with hope podcast a I mean so daily devotional where we dig into God's word word word and explore what it means to um well live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is is is exactly what Paul is talking about here well you know in 2nd Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through so so so you know 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we we we know that okay well if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We We We have a building from God so I mean a house not made with hands Eternal Eternal Eternal in the heavens for in so well this tent we groan longing to to to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting like um it on we we we may not be found naked for while we are still I mean you you you know in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to so so so well talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to to to so well record my episodes. It's the it's the it's the easiest way to to to make podcast. It's a hundred percent so well free and it allows you to use use use tools that allow you to record like uh and edit your podcast straight from your your your phone or computer that allows you okay so to record with friends as well after after after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will um you know then distribute your podcast for for for you so I can be heard on Spotify app like well a podcast and many many many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no okay I mean mean mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download I I I mean okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get get get started. Before um before um before um um I start this podcast, I just want want want to let you guys know if well you know you are listening to this this this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right now. It's um it's it's it's um it's um uh only going through the left here. I want to believe believe believe because that's just the uh I mean way my my whole setup. It works works works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by like well teach data, data, data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources I I I mean uh for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey Hey Hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers for okay um on here. Thanks so much much much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and well like review us any any any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you so uh heard heard heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used you you you know um this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a a okay I mean huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings learnings learnings on okay I mean her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program program program has been a game-changer for her and well so her students. My students came to to to school on the second day and they were okay like like, when are we doing daily daily daily 5 and that for me I was I mean uh just sold so I knew it it it was worth it. Welcome Ellie well uh. Thank you thank you thank thank thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal um okay okay okay. How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can I I I mean you know make me even happier. Well, I well, I well, I told you we we we can't keep doing that. It's a it's a it's a conflict I mean you you you know of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns interns interns who do like so that now. Anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I saw reports reports reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is well I mean looking into the foreign exchange exchange exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna you know well take a pretty pretty pretty hefty. Package for package for package for me to send her to Barcelona Barcelona Barcelona if that's what you're so okay after. You know you know you know know know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate well so so so 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the okay uh uh uh gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just uh uh uh well shy of an A+. Look point look point look point is the kids kids kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not well you know about to give her up up up for a pack of pens in a book Let's um so Not Be Hasty. We We We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls so so of our our our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for you know know know I mean both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your your your clo Francisco Lara so so Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share share share with you guys the Jack Welsh okay you know passed away. He was the the the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing you know like person with a beautiful leadership leadership leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's uh um all about the people people people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share okay okay with you you you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano okay okay okay um say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are are are all phenomenal and okay I mean it's all about what we have built and where where where we were going. He's other portion you know okay of his leadership is scouting on on on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no you're no you're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art art art and culture conversation coming up so well today. And for me, I stress it it it that period in my life. I bucked I mean I mean Authority. I can can can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so so so if well okay any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and and and said, oh you should okay so be making more black art. Are you should be making making making more black looking things okay okay. I would just feel said that. Yes, this this this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug well uh. Thank you for downloading this episode of of of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series uh well of very very very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in I mean I mean New New New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check so so so okay out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed managed managed to NAB so okay ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening listening listening like okay to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you for I mean uh tuning in again for another another another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your so well first time listening listening listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll like like like like be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you uh uh uh uh can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because because because um like I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record you you you know um my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and you you you know okay I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the easiest way to make uh uh a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation creation creation tools that allow you to record well well and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or a computer anchor will so well even distribute your podcast for you you you so it can be heard on On Spotify well uh Apple podcast and many many many more you can even make money from your podcast like like with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place like like like like. All you all you all you have to do is download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor so uh dot f m-- to get started. I got I I I got I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If If If you if you if you haven't heard uh well about anchor what are are are you doing man? Get your get your get your life together, but if you haven't haven't haven't heard um you know about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast and I will elaborate so I mean first of all, it's free can't beat that that that too. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you you know like to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My My My okay so computer's broke. I already I already I already talked about that that that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In um I mean addition to that it doesn't doesn't doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for like well you. So can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more uh um dude. You'll be getting your clout clout clout and your coin you can make money from okay um your podcast with no no no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had so well your listeners listeners listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time time time for chunker's your morning and like like night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top top top of your mouth and brush uh um a little circles all the way way way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And um so today's hero is Emily Emily Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The you know uh uh uh Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over well well well like a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to to to New I mean like York each year and take pictures of it. And one one one of the main people who helped I mean uh build that bridge but that that that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update update update on the okay like John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty twenty twenty uh like seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry sorry sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the I mean I mean mean mean United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're not not not at one. 102 cases um so confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, Washington, Washington, which is interesting that we um well haven't had any deaths in California. And And And so there might be something specific look like like going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert villain villain villain Albert villain Albert Anastasia well so from our villains podcast. He was a a a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the um uh end of the 1920s. He He He was he was he was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the the the so so criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free free free on Spotify well uh or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of of of the Hudson River North of okay um New York City sits one of of of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April so I mean 1921. The The The criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst worst worst many of them were so okay there for Life others for death by that time time time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that is that is that a break up break up? I think we have have have a situation right here I mean I mean. Welcome to The Filling Station a a a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would um um like to talk talk talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their okay okay okay I mean experiences. We hope we hope we hope you find the stories entertaining but but but more importantly meaningful given the lesson uh uh behind everything we're going to talk talk talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside um so the great city city city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy windy windy like uh here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it it it is, you know, I mean, well you know I know the storm hit and stuff stuff stuff. People kind of I mean so Penny but this is next level. I am am am not used to this. How'd you okay I mean guys cope? There's another one coming coming coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself uh um. Let's not even go go go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making uh I mean mean mean for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some some some additional content about the um uh world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper into some of the most notorious subjects uh well every week in addition to to to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most so well fascinating True Crime themes themes themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from like like some some some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, uh okay okay okay like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really you you you know well is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or or or wherever you listen okay I mean to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will be posted in the like um description today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of well uh uh uh Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to to to like I mean be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval medieval medieval period things okay uh were very different in regards to how people lived lived lived. So most people in England I mean okay lived and worked on the land in in in the Middle Ages, and unless you were I mean so rich life was at at at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a like I mean constant struggle struggle struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for like well those people people people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low you know I I I mean as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval medieval medieval village was um well all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and and and um um brains. So this so this so this week we have a really really really interesting guest. His name is Zach so I mean like up, but you may know know know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a I mean well little bit bit bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because well well well um rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that that that the The uh I mean line was actually in our major. So I I I had a little heads-up who is going like so to be but not really really really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I so so were were were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till um um um um their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football football football season, like like right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want want want to give us a like you know little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my my my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've we've we've been a bit delayed in having the um okay massively same put you, you you you know, we're back to say they will intro there but um uh of a Bruce Springsteen Springsteen Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues okay well. It's all all all it's all it's all be in America about a cat America and this week week week. I'm you I'm you I'm you know, okay okay if you've got a great affiliation to to to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about um um that shortly. It's light it's it's it's light it's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite quite quite a lot of okay you know topics to cover. So we'll so we'll so so so we'll just go as we always do talking about the I mean like game that that that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and you know know know so that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll she'll she'll be your I mean uh host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the the the tips and tools you like like need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your your your energy and manifest your dream you know I mean life. So you're ready. Let's turn turn turn this baby up. So I want to fill I mean like you in in in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over you know uh uh uh the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message message message uh like to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into into into my space you know uh a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is is is whatever is whatever is on your heart Market okay I mean yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that that that feeling my name. Is he um okay talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more more more Olive near the bottom of the okay I mean mood about to analyze the first Clause Clause Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near like okay Toledo. And in that that that case the on these sticks his hand into the um you know house and and and either places something into the hand of the ball by it I mean like like like or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and and and then like so D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of of of I'll be well I mean they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him him him a call Marble uh I mean our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying carrying carrying something involves really three acts. One I mean I mean act is Akira literally uprooting uprooting uprooting which means to pick something up from a place okay well of rest then then then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain um you you you know boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm I'm I'm so um Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so so so, um, I just you know I mean talked a little bit about myself. I I I am I am I am a massage therapist. And I work on different I mean uh uh uh type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just hope hope hope people uh um feel better and just be able to move and have more energy energy energy. So that's so that's so that's pretty um okay much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going I'm going I'm going to let you all in on a a a little secret. It's how this I mean well podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just just just on YouTube, but I knew that I well like needed to get on on on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a well well podcast producer producer producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use I I I mean so anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the the the Internet well like. It's also free. You can you can you can edit record record record your podcast right from your phone or well you know your computer and all all all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, well you know know know so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more I mean mean mean I mean you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter matter matter how small you well I mean are. You can make money from your podcast. It's It's It's everything you need to make you know um a podcast all in one place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We We We you we you we you know you know are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Yakima Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I um I um I um so so so like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the the the competitor I mean um or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed interviewed interviewed. And since it was the second you know well time we had him on we'd already already already covered his career. And so I got to so like talk about a lot of of of things on this show and I had I'd get to um you know hear a lot lot lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we okay okay kind kind kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just just just so you know want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so so so we talked I mean uh a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my my my so like mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come come come into okay like my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and and and try to okay you know like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind kind kind of paints a um um picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to to to talk to me about I mean like sex like at all costs, right and and and instead I would be like, maybe like okay pick a setting where like, I'm not true true true. Dentist all absent naked how about okay I mean setting? Oh and there's like a mirror mirror mirror right across from my back to our okay um it was like a a a glass shower. So it's so it's so it's like how can vulnerability be brought brought brought into well I mean this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good good good time. Oh, like like look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't why don't why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank you like so for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys guys guys. I promise well you know you it was not planned. I have another friend with with with me today. She came um like visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have have have to get these things in okay like order for the journey ahead and we were just just just having conversations about, you know, doing uh I mean things by yourself. Cough now, now, now, you know, there's this whole part of it that like I mean says, you know, know, know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also so so so like the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but but but me like you know how far now you know, so I mean, we're just just just we're just going to flow today okay I mean and we just hope that you guys guys guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter okay so found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't couldn't couldn't get any worse, no one uh well knows who did it. If you enjoy this this this episode on the mysterious brick well so of murders and want to hear more like it it it check out our series unsolved you know like murders every Tuesday follow the clues question question question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's so you know most bewildering murders murders murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know know know okay. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this well okay episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent violent violent homicide of uh like a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast podcast podcast I mean okay. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you you you by neht I mean so and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in in in which we asked whether technology uh you know can support learning or if it's simply simply simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the well so next big Ed Tech Tech Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or okay so not mobile mobile mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation conversation conversation um well with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will will will daisy will daisy will be so uh well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's She's She's a she's a she's a former teacher and the author of so like a number number number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was was was not actually about um um the fucking word genus species. But back but but but back but back to chapter 24 to see what it I mean I mean actually actually actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards like like like like teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your so so so like host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology Biology Biology one I mean like chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, 24, 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance 90-day fiance fiance fiance 90-day fiance News I mean um Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of of of Stephanie on the new season of a for well uh the 90 days, days, days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from I mean mean mean you know the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's she's she's um um dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that she sells um okay naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has stephanie stephanie stephanie has stephanie has a patron where she has uh I mean content. That's a bit bit bit risque. It seems it seems it seems some people may have found this out you you you know so though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out out out. Out she states that she I mean I mean is not ashamed of this content content content and that having the patron has financed her I mean well documentary as well well well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general uh like. She ends ends ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content you know know know I mean creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever whoever whoever I like um want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be be be allowed to do like I mean whatever she wants with her body and her her her patreon is 18 plus. So not just I mean I mean anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a keep a keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my my my favorite you who's that uh you know guy next to him? Welcome back back back to topics of Interest with Nick and I mean uh Mark. I am I am am am I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc you know okay okay okay Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler like like your your your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark Mark, Mark, Mark, New Tyler like you know and college so how'd you guys meet we met met met sophomore year in chemistry lab you know I mean. Yeah. So we I barely showed showed showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first I mean you know met but but but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just just just say okay you know major so we had all the same classes together and decide to to to sit by each well so other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree tree you know well planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Bethany Bethany Davis as part you know I mean of her illustration series follow the trees trees trees. This is a podcast about tree planting I mean uh as a reforestation practice in the the the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a you know well collective of people who spend spend spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest I mean mean mean um. However tree however tree however tree planting is so much more than than than the physical act of planting thousands I mean I mean of seedlings in the the the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections like so so so experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to to to shed light like you know on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have have have stuck with shovel in you know so the ground. It is it is it is is is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting well um as as as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever so wherever wherever wherever so wherever you're okay okay coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back um um to to to the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you you you should um so not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to to to get into e-commerce or okay you know build a new store or launch a a a new product line. There are there are there are three different uh I mean levels of of of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right uh uh products products products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's the the the highest one, right? so well What type of products do you want to sell and and and after you lock? Didn't you like I mean want to move to the supplier level level level and make sure that the suppliers you know well you're finding are ones ones ones. You actually want to work with if you want uh you know to make make make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level level level um you know. So what I'm going to share with you in this this this podcast is what to look uh um for at all three levels to make sure sure sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide you know like to build one of these these these stores and actually build a real business now before we I mean uh get get get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes that makes that makes makes makes it simple for like so you to get more life. We focus on heart rate rate rate Based training guaranteed um okay to produce results from the inside out. Our workout workout workout is backed by science and proven like like to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology technology technology. So you can monitor your um uh results in real time. Each workout is inspired inspired inspired and led by certified coaches uh okay to make sure you don't overtrain or or or under train. So what are you currently um um doing to get more life out out out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this you know I mean mean mean Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys okay like like like I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to so so so um help you fall asleep. You know, you know, you know, I started this podcast because because because I've had trouble falling uh so asleep and I found that over the years when when when I listen to the word so well of God. I'm able to settle down. And find find find peace and fully rest And so uh uh as you listen to night night night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an well I mean inspiration to you you you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, Hey, Hey, okay like you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K K K out you know well there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Crazy Crazy Light it on I mean um fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during during during a manic. I was like braised like well. I hate you. Don't leave me me me who came up with this list given on the like uh bird. I love 7-Eleven my my my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're okay so reacting to to to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller okay um and I hate hate hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome I mean mean mean you know to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing failing failing Villa dough I mean so and we have a show for you. Any you're any you're you're you're any you're supposed to introduce yourself you know so know that I was was was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy you know well hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it it it has to start with like okay the club because covid always starts it with with with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know uh uh soups. Given this is a Ross Ross Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name uh like is radhika radhika radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh Oh Oh um you know God. That was that was that was so hot somatic. Yo, Yo, Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize well so to anyone that was was was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on well well he is is is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with uh uh us and now he he he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you what you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did Did Did I mean you know you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes Yes Yes. I had no I mean um prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible well like and selfish behavior. I engaged in in in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are um okay joined as always always always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a so you know special special special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done I done I done special guests have have have started 40 minutes ago, you know uh but I came in with my PR person person person my lighting crew my director my I like so mean, I really divided up walking walking walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to okay uh be fair when I I I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in like so and and and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on on on camera and uh um it was Pouring rain. I look I look I look like shit shit shit Mike. You have to let people okay okay fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your your your day. My okay okay husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot hot hot summer. That's 60. We so like are in the really in the final stretch stretch stretch. It's hard to believe and it's so I mean very exciting. I want to notify notify notify you all again about our CM our like like virtual CM that is that will will will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 like so a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 5 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in uh I mean the world, you you you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those like so hours hours hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you do you do you own a business or have you been thinking about about about starting one? If so, if so, if so, like like we're excited to share our our our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful like uh entrepreneurs are are are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to well well well you know access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. Forward slash create. Well, okay so the only other thing I was wondering wondering wondering about is and I think I've um well sort of got an answer but I I I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned so um as as as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some I I I mean um negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're um um here with Usual Suspects. We also we also also also we also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster um like from Murder Town Town Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is that is that is how you doing doing doing today man. Doing uh so great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's it's it's like a first like um thing right for yeah. I have never done done done a podcast before. Hey severe that's so so case scenario, but I like like like you guys so fuck it. Get the get the get the fucking bucket. Let's okay so so so do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so so so anyway so anyway so so you know fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower follower follower and I feel bad every time we put like okay something out because I know know know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, don't don't don't worry and you know I mean don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space well well well well docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will will will be uh so covering all the latest space related news. As well as well well well as well as talking about interesting Technologies or um I mean discoveries that anyone anyone anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the um well Apollo mission mission mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news so like like like on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if if if uh uh like us you are another parking space and what to stay stay stay up-to-date with all okay so that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following the following the following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material material material and is intended for adult consumption only um I mean it may not be be be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 like you know was kidnapped kidnapped kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All so so so so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in in in the back so like seat of the car. Kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and and and and beat up a little bit to you okay um know, I definitely brought brought brought it back down a human level. And I and I and I started talking talking talking to God you know you know. I'm like I'm like I'm like you don't only only only when I could get me out of this. Welcome I mean like to Infamous the the the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore we explore we explore the fork in the road that that that can lead a like okay hero to fighting himself in a story of of of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party um like the podcast that explores the story's story's story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video like well games. I'm Caleb. I'm I'm I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring so like two Paths of One One One Life. This episode this episode this episode is going to have Major Spoilers Spoilers Spoilers for BioShock Infinite um you know. And so like if you haven't played BioShock BioShock BioShock Infinite, how did you make it uh um this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so we're so we're so so so glad that you're here you know um. I hope you guys are having a beautiful beautiful beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part well uh 2 of the October Gonzalez Gonzalez Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to well okay release this one. So So So this so this so this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There There There um like are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear hear hear uh um it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I do recommend. Going um um back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative imperative imperative. But I do think that all I mean okay of the information in part to to to her story all her tips the way that I mean you know she parents it's it's it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable I mean okay okay okay when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life life life I mean okay as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic her as a young so okay woman and it's fascinating and it makes her her her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing brushing brushing show like you know start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and brush the I mean you know inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines heroines heroines week and every day um um we're talking about real life heroic women from from from history. Today is heroines are a pair I mean I mean of sisters who who who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck uh you know know know and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born born born in um I mean a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a a a powerful man and have them so so trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can can can be a um um long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's week's week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, well so it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle Giselle Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello I mean like. We're joined by special special special special guest and he goes by the name of re uh okay free. Rio well well well rio well rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your your your day tiring so well long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come Come Come on, the love okay well that now Monday. Let's go energy energy energy energy gun. So guys so guys so guys as you know, our Tagalog like um word word word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are are are okay well so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in in in first place um like of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first first first place due okay like to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that that that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that so uh would make the most sense, sense, sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically like well they're they're they're not in first. All I all I all I care about is when you look at the the the points it well you know is tied. This very this very this very moment moment moment and just the fact that that is the situation we I mean you know are are are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat okay I I I mean the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and the uh you know topic of today's video is going to be going going going with the flow and um well I got an email here from a client of mine mine mine that I've been coaching for is you know okay probably since late last year by eight eight eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been um you know coaching him now. Well maybe maybe maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got uh like a couple of of of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets okay uh his All All All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends um okay okay okay kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she so so so I mean told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a you know okay podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by by by this is um okay not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel I I I feel I feel in here and Martin well you know. Hey, what's up, and and and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I I mean like everything about about about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but uh well what's what's what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I uh uh uh okay don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff stuff stuff okay I mean to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I I I want uh you know to get to First. The NHL the NHL the NHL is is is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote okay okay unquote electronics and they're going going going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is so like the first first first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know well you you you know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just just just talking about I mean I mean this before we went live here. They've apparently they've they've they've apparently they've apparently used this puck in a couple games so so during during during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it I I I mean well. They've given they've given they've given it to a few of the Superstar Superstar Superstar players throughout the league the practice with okay I mean the see if if if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor okay okay okay okay which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard I mean you know about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and and and let me explain it's free you know well. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like well or computer. Anchor will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be okay you know heard on things things things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast uh uh uh you know with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in uh uh one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot you know uh f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another another another episode of Laguna Beach the I mean okay podcast. Thank you so much for tuning tuning tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited like uh to be here feel feel feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but um so we we we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I when I when I made the decision to document the storage papers in in in the form of uh well a podcast, I found anchor to be the the the easiest way to create it by uh uh using anchor I'm able to to to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives like I mean you everything you you you need in one place and you can produce the show right from um well your your your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone okay okay okay okay with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it it it sounds great I mean um. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard everywhere podcasts you know I mean can be found that includes includes includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also okay so easily make money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app well okay or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast you know I mean. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't don't don't have to put well you know any money up front for someone who's starting out out out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There like well are creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well um phone or or or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software you you you know like paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it it it so it can be uh uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many more and the best part like you know you can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you um so need to make a podcast in in in one place doubled the free anchor app or go you know okay to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos like you know know know Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI DUI DUI um okay. If you if you if you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you you you need a personal injury lawyer, so so Mark, Rose Garza and his team can can can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing losing to the well like Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode episode episode of dishes I mean you know and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring featuring featuring a rotating cast of eight women so well hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me me me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello I hello I hello I mean okay greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book the book the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book book book Theophilus, I wrote about all well you know that Jesus began to do do do and to teach until the day he was taken up uh so to heaven heaven heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen I mean mean mean you know after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing convincing convincing proofs like like that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 40 40 days and I mean like spoke about the kingdom of God on one one one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package so um a podcast. I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about like uh the the the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more more more important I mean I mean aspects are actually having a service to host host host and distribute the show as well as like like software to record each episode for for for the longest time. I actually paid money to you know I mean host the packet packet packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also um so so so using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives I mean you know me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for for for free either well like from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually actually actually gives us the opportunity well well to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about about about starting your own podcast, like you know you better be serious about using anchor anchor anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear hear hear um okay from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have have have called before now okay so as he's one of the few people I've I've I've played with whom I looked up to um you know for a very very long long long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but um well also off off off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation okay uh with with with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go like so. Please enjoy. Just Just Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? um I I I um I um I mean That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm I'm I'm good. It's going on like well. Yeah, um, you know, same old same same same old. I need to start this though with I mean okay a bit bit bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way to okay okay make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can can can use to like um record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an an an anchor will uh uh distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard on every platform I mean uh such as Spotify and apple you can even even even make money from your podcast. It's everything you I mean uh need in one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know um to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend like like like like. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name my name name name my name is Darren McGee like so. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro intro intro came from my boy Avi of Iron uh so Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap soap soap maker based in Southern California. The company is so uh Iron Lion soap. You can can can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and you know so iron line soapcom soapcom soapcom. They make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so well well well you know in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with with with Avi, and we you know um had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for for for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to welcome to welcome to acres of diamonds. This This This is actually the first time we're I mean you know going to talk about the the the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going you know so to talk talk talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any uh um um um Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I no, no, no, I no, I think you have it um you know wrong. Good week. Do Do Do you do you do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk talk talk to um like them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, Oh, Oh, that's probably well um could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres acres acres of diamonds. If like so you think we can talk to your dad somehow somehow somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, like okay trust me trust me. Well, I talked to to to Marcus. So I'm so I'm so I'm assuming you can talk I mean mean mean well to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right right right away, right, but okay okay me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon you know know know um Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These uh like are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If If um uh you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on on on Apple podcasts or Oye okay so podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social social social media on Instagram Twitter all like I mean of that stuff. I am am am I am I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to to to so like me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get get get into it. Hello. I'm I mean uh Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet internet internet. And in the video today. We're looking like um at the top 10 ways ways ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, so so the strange link link link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at well okay one one one point or another they have had some experience where they thought thought thought they heard a sound okay you know when nothing should be there or they saw saw saw an apparition that led them to um um believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and and and um okay your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors who were uh uh recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central Central Central summa cum laude at the end I mean you know of seven semesters. We had had had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who um like have earned a a a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of so well those Those Those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being you know um with with with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your you know uh uh uh name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm well uh involved involved involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved involved involved um okay with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back we're back we're back okay like with an update on the new coronavirus because well well well things have escalated. In the last so um few weeks new cases of of of this virus have been going up and up as of um um right now. There There There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this uh I mean virus has has has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're we're we're um I mean starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of of of Washington you know so declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus death in the US. The virus you know you know has killed at at at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and okay okay okay you know more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me I mean okay explain it's free. Its creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast from well you know your phone or or or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So you know uh it can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um um money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh so make make make a podcast in one place. Because obviously because obviously because obviously we wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't be able to do this so um without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon upon upon stirring us download the free anchor so well app or go to Anchor dot. F F F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just I mean like wanted to let you you you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast like you know know know night. We just we just we just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive Olive Olive baseball well well and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be be be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Star Star Wars I mean well session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good Good Good morning good morning good morning afternoon or evening wherever okay like you are in in in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the you know well Star Wars Wars Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba well okay the the the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon so so so you know is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts cam like I mean and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel feel feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives I mean well in Michigan and we're we're we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk uh I mean about conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to okay okay okay like was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both both both watch when we were well okay younger and we're basically going to to to be talking about how wacky is there's a okay you know lot of different elements elements elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to so uh get into into into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said said said well um Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about about about anchor it's you know you know the app I'm using it is definitely the the the easiest one to use it's free and I mean um there's creation tools straight in the the the app that allow you to edit your well uh podcast from your phone or or or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple okay well and many more more more without having to do anything which is great and you can make um so so so money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You You You like so gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so so so it's so it's everything you need well you know to do all one place place place and to download the app go to anchor on the you know okay okay okay App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness madness madness uh okay. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode episode episode 2 of everything okay uh and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first first first episode alone did amazing so I mean. I'm so I'm so I'm so thankful thankful thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it okay like like like and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and then topic I mean I mean of today's newsletter is going to be what what what to do when your girl goes well uh psycho. So obviously so obviously so obviously obviously obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you um you know know know have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other other other so I mean day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted wanted wanted to ask because okay like obviously the video that we posted the other day people people people had some questions because uh I mean there it's like talked about in my first first first book 3% man that you can um okay actually end a relationship healthfully healthfully healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and so okay cursing each each each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is this is this this this is the first episode um like of podcasts devoted to cube in this season season season. We want to show you guys well okay the basics of the format and and and gradually over time build you up to your I mean okay own Cube. Each episode episode episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and uh uh uh you know hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your your your very own Cube. Ooh, like like I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits grits grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file I mean I mean coming from the lovely island island island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? like okay So essentially we are trying trying trying to give you a short rundown as this for this well I mean first first first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It It It is right now like so. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have have have local bartender Courtney Nance well well coming through later today. But until she gets gets gets here it is just yo boys you know I mean. Did you feel I'd say say say a pretty we're back to the back to the you know you know roots roots roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back so so so like In Town. That's another that's another that's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd I'd I'd say that the dogs are who you know so let the Dogs Out Request would you say say say that I wouldn't have chosen to I mean so say it myself but but but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're um well with with with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see you know like like like random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight fight fight you know like for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said like so so so it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree Bree Bree and well so I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab lab lab at okay uh Cal State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course course course because she was uh you know preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has has has recently been admitted and well okay we are so proud of her Bree also has has has a background in kinesiology, which is like I mean what she studied for her her her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that so like she also also also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman like like like you know has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise exercise exercise but also how to exercise you know you know confidence. We're going to dive into into into some of the ways in which she's faced some really uh so tough situations and she's she's she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the you know well well well face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design design design um well and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a a a I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment um uh business coach. I lead lead lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so uh uh uh uh that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you you you experience well like the flow. The he's the he's the he's integrity and undeniable undeniable undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each you know well week. I'm going going going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way you you you know uh that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align align align by um um design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard okay you you you know care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully designed um like and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and and and to promote uh like prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off your entire order um I mean use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out out out the link in like so the show notes. Today's episode today's episode today's episode is is is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this I mean um Lent we can't recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help like like you you you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your your your well I mean own pace and you can find the time to listen listen listen to the five inspiring I mean uh speakers and 19. Total talks total total total talks total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old you know um came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend Juanita Lopez okay uh over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the the the Summer sun setting over San Jose you know uh the largest city in Northern, Northern, Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it um I mean seemed after dinner dinner dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most uh uh uh you know nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs drugs drugs burned hot uh like through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began began began to you know like hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep sleep sleep. The next the next the next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for for for series eighty fifth like you know of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP GDP GDP data for the December quarter, which uh uh means it is basically the the the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit okay like we saw saw saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means well so so so that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than than than the 0.4% that well um economists were expecting. This does show that the the the RBA is reading at the economy was um I mean at a gentle turning turning turning points towards the end of last year was correct you know um. However, it it it however, it however, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S S S okay I mean turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and you you you know like the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share share share our experiences since I mean I mean I stay at home with my kids kids kids Sam works out of the home and just like I mean kind of bring a a a little bit of insight and show you that there are really well so great great great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and like like like okay do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen kitchen kitchen or like uh throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk walk walk and let's chat you know like. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're We're We're the we're the we're the messy Mama's we've created the you know um messy Mama pod because because because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered I I I mean um and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month month month were going so so to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can can can share your story advocate okay um for your babies and connect with the other messy messy messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo well um is our best friend in in in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives our lives our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your your so uh health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to to to level up. Hello and hello and hello and okay okay welcome to episode 14 of of of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called well okay movement is medicine medicine medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it does it does it I I I so well think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel I I I feel I feel like we've okay like been saying movement is medicine. It's It's It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the like I mean post that we we we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about it's about it's about about about yes branding so okay that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're we're we're here to really talk you know well about something that I'm super passionate about about about and I know you are too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday your training training training like um working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So So So this so this so this is really uh um our bread and butter, butter, butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm so okay here for for for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of think of think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the the the muscle that you're so I mean trying to build in your meditation? Is it that that that you want to well um be more present is it that you want want want to be more intentional is it um um that you want to feel more of of of a sense of like trust and like well connection to intuition is it that you want want want to feel less stress is it that you okay you know want want want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are what what what are what are you uh okay craving and notice in your life and it it it will show up. It's the beauty um okay of meditation notice when those things things things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body um uh here bringing you episode episode episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit uh well down with inspiring individuals individuals individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at welcome at welcome at the gym. This guy guy guy friends podcast rid of well you know show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with with with an episode heavily requested um like by many of you and we're going to title it it it books. I recommend or top you know uh reads for 2020 something like that that that because a lot of you have okay okay asked a Jeremy what books would you you you recommend for finance with books you recommend so uh for personal development? Well Well Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm so I'm so I'm going to share so so so so with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on on on me or the ones uh like that are In the Forefront of my mind right right right now nagase can't sure every okay like book that I've read and listened to to to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you know um you guys a pretty good good good list and I did a version of this a um you know long time time time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to so okay okay okay put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks weeks weeks or like well so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote unquote unquote real so uh work to do but I will get to this but if you you you hear me say something um you know and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the okay okay okay you know fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to to to okay okay learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of of of them so so are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things things things have come for I mean uh us to be doing this in our backyards basically basically basically and taking images that were like you know once in the realm of of of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please so you know welcome everybody everybody everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada you know know know uh and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a a a YouTube channel um um visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks picks picks in sight. So um I mean let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space space space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to um uh the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each each each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with you with you with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of Malaysia you know okay Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature feature feature films Millions have tried you know uh to stitch together the pieces of this this this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes uh you know on The Disappearance of MH370, check check check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the well I mean mean mean complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories theories theories free so okay on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening evening evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I I I mean okay now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Show Show well uh Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? right right Yes, and well well we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love love love our audience so I mean and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. She quickly well uh at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome Welcome Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on I mean so AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an an an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV well like. And this is is is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me uh you know. I I I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded by by by Geniuses, but so um I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham Graham Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality okay um TV fan and a a a host here at the network. So excited to be here, you know like but me Christine be be be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and and and like so everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday birthday birthday. Did I um um don't also much what you mean by are usually gas gas gas by D the middle um so amounts and this is probably why girls don't go go go for a higher salary in All um uh right. Yeah, you see one of of of your tracks this you look like you've never listened you know uh to bash me a a a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of TV talk you know so now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? happening happening What is what is what is happening with this show guys are I mean mean mean like hanging out with you guys so much. My name my name my name name name is Mike feeling. We're here um uh. We're going to go through it. You know know know what it is. You know how we well well do first. I want to introduce. My My My panel I am over here by like I mean myself on the team married side, side, side, but to my left also representing team married um so and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I um um um well may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is is is a reptilian okay you know a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program program program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby um I mean hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with with with me of course button below the other uh uh alien and Ethan Hello. Both Both Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show you know like like like this time. We're going we're going we're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's That's That's like that's like that's like old aliens in well I mean US. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with uh uh uh you know it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early early early for this like you know but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If If If you here they start to do a bomb um um gasps gasps gasps this are are are you done? No, let no, let no, let me have my fun. If If If um so you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's that's that's our kitten uh okay Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or or or two kitchen. You're so you're so you're so you know you know like you come come come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like like well they're they're they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I no I no I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're we're we're our weekly podcast that uh well documents everything about the world of live music music music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers uh um the people who run beloved venues venues venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians I mean like about that one one one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at um you know consequence of of of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class fight class fight class class class consequence podcast Network so so welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview interview interview series presented by W FP um okay k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening you're listening listening listening you're listening to I mean so the very first official episode of the Mets Mets Mets keywords podcast. This episode I mean like was recorded live on November 1st at st st st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going um you know to hear a very very very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience you know uh as as as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia uh um and and and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room so so so well was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will will will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about you you you know like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free you know well. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right I mean so from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for for for you. So you so you so you can be okay so heard on on on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make I I I mean um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you you you need to make well like a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f you know um m-- to get started. Thank Thank Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank so so you for for for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye I mean I mean mean mean waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and so so so I mean we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else else else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow well um your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if if if I mean uh you become a premium user you can download the episode episode episode so you can listen to okay like them offline like I do when you're on on on a plane or wherever you're okay okay traveling and also you can share this this this with your friends on Instagram. If you okay you know haven't done so already be be be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D like I mean. Km/h or km/h or or or km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll uh uh uh okay catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you like uh guys first official episode. Yes are yes are yes are the the the trailer is up on a few a well well few sites, but it's the the the first full one so welcome and I have a well um mic this time time time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across uh um um um the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that that that. It I mean uh just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius Sagittarius Sagittarius ass would have loved okay like to be halfway around the world, but that's a a a story for another time. So you so you so you know like you're ready to to to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for like like like I mean you. I'll be I'll be I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The The The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits well well of a Purpose Driven Life and also also also engaging you in a meditation of Hope you know I mean There are five great great great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to you you you know okay your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm well well well uh Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are are are going to I mean um be serenading you with a poem to start start start. So Andy take it away. I'm like uh going to be reading a a a poem by one of the Lisa and my you know so favorite poets Christina Christina Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this uh so and the sort sort sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is you know know know you know called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream I dream I I I dream of you well so to wake would that I might dream of of of you and not wake but Slumber you know I mean on nor fine with dreams. The dear dear dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds um you know take flight and happy happy happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush okay you know again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler Tyler Tyler. I'm Brian well I mean and we the premise of this podcast is kind kind kind of there is no premise. There's no there's no there's no like um um um premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing um um um you know that I think this is founded on we found there's just such such such a lack I mean well of podcast with two white guys in their late late late 20s or sister this males. Yeah well like and heterosexual. I just feel like like like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we like well decided to throw our our our hat in the ring and give it a shot and I mean so so so maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name my name name name my name is Daniel winter and um um my co-host is Andrew Monroe in in in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too so okay important to to to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We um so encourage encourage encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new well well well like day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering covering covering well well introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came came came from and some of like well our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what what what would you do if you so I mean were going to die tomorrow? tomorrow tomorrow If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do like um um um something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the okay like like like same time. You know, you know, you know, I've got this idea in my head of of of that scene from that movie. I can't I can't I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of of of poke dad's okay uh there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we we we use uh I mean for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's it's it's free. It's easy to well like use and I just love it. There's creation creation creation tools that allow you to record well so and edit your podcast right right right from your phone or a computer. So if um uh there was something in in in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out okay well my phone phone phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit well okay it it it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes makes makes it really I mean okay interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the the the other platforms. So you know well iTunes Spotify you name it and it's it's it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question um um um um I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be be be so well Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of of of random I mean uh shit. Then you need to go to Yummy texcom texcom texcom. Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet I mean uh Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, text, text, but for olive oils pastas um like hot sauces mustards and other other other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to well uh uh uh buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What you know know know um up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar well um um um the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break um um um so out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and and and leave well well a review to let us know what you thought and I hope hope hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back I'm back I'm back with another episode of med school school school radio and we're looking at some uh okay more educational objectives. Let's get right right right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this I mean like caused caused caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the the the I mean okay fragile X. Mental retardation mental retardation mental retardation Gene and that that that is fmr1 on the long arm of the I mean so X chromosome and and and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 uh well. So remember remember remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you okay uh to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and and and podcast form well you know. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and just put hashtag I mean okay garyvee podcast with the W in there as as as well so I can see your feedback like like on weekly B7. Please hit hit hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how okay you know you like listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's well so so so youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience experience experience like I mean. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone phone phone call that Gary had I mean like with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how how how he believes that Talent comes in all ages uh you know shapes and sizes. So make make make so make so make sure to hit them up and let us know what you you you I mean I mean thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm I'm I'm working on uh so is about his son in the industry and sort of of of how even see the wrong like so about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a a a so okay Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as um um um so people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray gray gray you know okay areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this this this platform I so uh welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems systems systems God is gray is meant um well to teach and form and simply trade stories stories stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If like okay you have a story or perspective perspective perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies like you know at God God God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part I mean so so so of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a um well fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all all all right well you know. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we we we took we were just really um well busy with midterms papers. We went on on on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not I mean mean mean you know a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta sakta sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments um like participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper grumper grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess um so that's cool Gary research keyboard, press press press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences um I mean guy guy guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, such well uh he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not reflect the views uh uh and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of this podcast listeners discretion is uh like advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy Amy Amy. Otto have but without a doubt okay um any direction the OTA a a a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a uh uh walker Gable Gable Gable. Oh, he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, tahina, tahina, I mean okay I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu tofu tofu steak uni so um Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't I I I mean you know heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain one. It's uh uh free like free. Like no money. Like you you you don't have to pay you have to like uh pay any money none. It's It's It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that um um allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer so like super simple simple simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for for for um you know some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where where where you will you know uh meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool tool tool in each one of us has I mean um never ceased to challenge and fascinate fascinate fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had I've had I've had the I mean you you you know opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the the the voice and uh okay jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify like I mean mean mean or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All All All right okay well. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the the the and we'll well well be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the the the MLB is in a like I mean really weird weird place right now considering the Astros Astros Astros just cheated their way into a I mean you know World Series and it's possible possible possible that the Red Sox did as well uh I mean. And I I I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but you know uh uh uh I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you you you know like down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in in in this episode I mean I mean were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the the the Colombian national I mean like team's loss in the World Cup. It was was was a slip up by team captain Andres uh okay Escobar that cost Columbia the the the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events um so so so from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on on on uh I mean Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for for for 22 minutes so okay into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder midfielder midfielder. John harkes closed well okay in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change change change. We are we are we are doing like okay that podcast thing now in launching a a a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash so uh Nori podcasts. There are various various various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want you know you know to receive receive receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a uh uh uh so part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take take take a look like like at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in in in that Spirit of being I mean you know lean and that startup kind of of of way that That, you know, we like to do this okay I mean list list list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback you you you know you know. Is there is there is there something that you'd really like like like to see but it isn't listed you know I mean here honest feedback does does does a lot to help us shape what we offer to I mean well you you you. You can you can you can send an email to podcast at at at Nori.com or fill out our well uh podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you you you can find at nor I mean like e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for for for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is is is John. It's been a while um um since we had episode with just me me me and Gerard So today we're going to have a um um discussion about the the the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for so like the conversation conversation conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly so like like like marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now now now onto so um the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a a a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't I don't I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to you you you know okay leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on on on so well Monday morning. So at so at so at this point we've at least least least had a couple days to digest some well uh of the performances from the skill position position position players and that's what we're going to talk you know uh about today the the the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know I so well well well said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot well um um um freak out about one data point from the combine. These are these are these these these are Incredibly talented athletes like like. I mean I mean I mean most of the the the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but like um they're / like fractions fractions fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your uh like view of a a a player but we did learn some things some players had much so um better better better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest biggest biggest um okay scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior Junior Junior. The former Congressman was you know well charged with three felonies after illegally using using using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for you know okay personal use 56 year year year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was well you know getting ready ready ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years years years okay you know on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from from from the bureau had like okay been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking looking looking for something no okay um matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a a a little quid pro um um quo. He could he could he could play play play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying investigate lobbying investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had had had I talked so like a lot about getting out of your mind getting out out out of the head and like like why that's important. And that's what today's episode episode episode is all about me and be I mean I mean at had an amazing conversation about about about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what okay uh she does to get get get back tuned in with her heart tuned in uh I mean with source and spirit and so so so it was an amazing conversation it okay you know was recorded. Quite some some some quite some quite some time ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't been been been publishing the podcast as frequently as I um well would like. So my apologies on on on that we will return back to a schedule like so. I don't know exactly what what what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving um uh Parts happening right now. So So So just so just so just be on the lookout for that sometime well um soon, either either either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat okay okay okay like magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious delicious delicious and well I mean sit with us for a spell. Welcome to welcome to welcome to this this this episode of The Magic on the you know well inside podcast. I'm Sarah Sarah Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we okay um aim to help women all over over over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday well I mean magic in in in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners listeners listeners some additional content well uh about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper into some of okay uh the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal normal normal female criminals episode. We're um well exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the the the park cast network. We've collected we've collected we've collected short okay I mean clips from from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas okay you know know know. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime Crime Crime world really um well is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you um I mean listen to podcasts a list of episodes that that that we used will be posted in the description uh well today. We're discussing cases of notorious notorious notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is is is March 3rd the you know okay boys from the back pocket are here with with with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are so so we we're doing good Andy hot hot hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like well like well like well um you said said said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible so um um um story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what what what like so this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr Mr Mr you know okay. Devon. He's having he's having he's having his location just a a a block away for over four years going well you know it to the University of st st st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say say say that we need more voices in well like the church talking about about about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the you know well Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes um uh. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an an an easy one is well uh to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great great great podcast hosting platform you know well. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean so. Let me explain it's it's it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and and and I mean um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast uh like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast and many well like more you can actually make some money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's like it's like it's like so everything you need to make make make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're okay you know interested download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is this is this is is is episode 5. I'm Vincent um okay Rim. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure it's it's it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with um I mean mean mean the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We so so so you know got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, Yes, Yes, sir MVP okay well race and then be a and finally talk on it it it. We're going to touch um I mean on to attack of a low and possibly possibly possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right um okay lot talk about co co Hey, what's what's what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day okay well outside somebody 60s all week week week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great you know know know well pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing amazing amazing. We got so okay two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted I wanted I I I wanted to inquire about you know so hiring a room in the village hall for the the the evening of September the first so I mean let me just see. Yes, we we we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main like uh hall that's got got got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry I mean well well well the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to to to 100 okay I mean. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a a a charity and uh uh we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I I I think we'll uh like go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show show show is not suitable for well like work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a a a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast you know I mean. I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm I'm I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the Leaky nib episode 17 okay I mean. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen seen seen you in literal like a month ago like so about a month like like like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually I mean uh record In In In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come come come I mean you know out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll I'll I'll be editing in the air well so on the way to Baltimore. When do do do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross okay um. Well, what well, what well, well, well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy classy classy well like it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are what are what are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what uh like like like it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas mangas mangas and you know you know podcast this week. We are we are we are so excited excited excited to sit down with the authors of I mean like wild Power Alexander Alexander Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with okay okay okay like so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual menstrual menstrual cycle okay I mean when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void void void and essentially the Wonder well like Woman complex and That looks like for women women women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I and I am here here here to tell you about um so the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is is is called anchor this is the app. I use I mean well to create my my my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who so you know actually actually actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want to to to so um do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? it it I have no equipment like uh. I have no money and I want to ensure ensure ensure that all our voices out well so here in the Midwest get heard and how how how do we do that on uh so a platform without spending a lot lot lot of ton of money, especially when you don't I mean well know what to do do do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's uh you know creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your um you you you know phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can can be heard on Spotify you know I mean Apple podcast and many more and and and you can make money with your pockets, which like so is the most amazing amazing amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm like you know know know going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you you you you know uh need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from uh you you you know Sonny England. Join us join us join us as we discuss the ever-changing character character character of wargaming in the Mortal you know so Realms grab your D6 and get ready ready ready for the priority roll. Hello and um um welcome to Priority roll. My name is is is Dan. And today I'm joined by the okay okay one and only Ben Curry Curry Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm uh okay fantastic. Thank you you you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to well well well um podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are are are you speaking so slowly? Maybe um um I should turn to be like this this this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet um well tones at times to to to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the the the you know I mean Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of of of me in right? So so uh what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no well uh need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's there's there's damage. And anyway, this well um is just what I'm feeling and I know know know it'll pass at some point and uh like movement really seems to make make make all the difference which I think is so cool like I mean. Hello, everybody everybody everybody today. We are we are we are joined by Jenna and she's one of my my my clients and she's well I mean actually turned into a quite a dear friend friend friend of mine during our time together. And so I mean you know today we are are are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up you know well well well to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes well um um um about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where uh uh uh uh it goes. But the but the but the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just they're just they're they're they're just making Mindy cocktails um so and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's usually a bunch okay okay of like slow releasing releasing releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics uh uh and you know those those those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't you know I mean wait wait wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a a a I mean uh little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I I I have all the power um like say that a normal voice one you Alda power power power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I mean um Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so so so I um um guess we're going to try and just talk about something something something reason that's happened in well okay the news and I think the bigger bigger bigger story which we thought was kind of you know uh entertaining was Donald Trump Trump Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump well uh went to India. Oh, Oh, Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, uh so I mean, mean, mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats okay um up on Trump all all all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they you know you know know know like to be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but but but this uh um is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would would would have seen I mean okay the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar Tendulkar Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, you know um and I mean like he tried his his his hardest to get there like to talk about you know I mean them, which is good. I I I mean I mean I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person well well well okay to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very that's very that's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you know know know like so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in in in carriages uh well. You inspires you inspires you inspires you and empowers you to to to follow Jesus like never before let's go you know like check out today's message. I I I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we like um are as as as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity opportunity opportunity um I mean to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I I I believe in deeper Taco something I mean um in uncertain. May God go in in in and bring it on. I believe we are I mean you know going somewhere and and and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to I mean like like like be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion discretion discretion is advised this like like episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people people people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution okay uh for children under 13. It was was was it was it was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a you you you know well low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 19 19 year old you know uh woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed weighed weighed down by the uh I mean heavy carrying case in her hand. She She She had come to Aloha from Rochester so uh Minnesota looking for Sunshine and and and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless um you know days of of of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host Scott Knudson call today. I'm I mean uh talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie Natalie Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national well um euphonium player in Natalie's first first first three years of Performing. She was selected as the um uh principal euphonium player player player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in uh so 2018 2018 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the the the I mean okay top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into into into the HonorBound you know so of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation nation nation this past summer well uh Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium euphonium euphonium and tuba I mean like is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a a a band memes account called youth he's um like life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made like um with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect perfect perfect for okay like spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where where where you get that big ol should um so be the only subject for debate the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia um you know has been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my you know okay name is Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I am I am I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and and and uh uh Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the the the best Airlines like okay. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest Southwest Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by like okay Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah Yeah Yeah. It is it is it is the airline of the people. Uh-huh uh I mean. I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so so so you know to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor Todd well I mean FM to get started on this this this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did um well not know, you know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it you know well well well like five ten years before early because all I need to do do do is download the okay you know anchor. I have record my voice in it and and and just click post and anchor you know so will do all the job for for for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides so um. You You You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else uh uh uh um. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of of of it um uh. If you have a message if you have some come content, which which which you feel that okay well needs to reach out to the world or simply want to to to post something make sure um you know you use this. Mascara. Now my now now now my now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast well um um um. So this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the like like like I mean one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Thinking Thinking Bitcoin is well I mean the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome welcome welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk you know like about that today Relentless. This is is is your home for Bitcoin Insider information like like. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you um uh a little bit today about some happen to me the other other other day and they've asked you know like me if I tell you about it it it just because it kind of changed my life so well. I think I I I think I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts aunts aunts life changed so okay everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Cousin Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked uh you know in there and I was trying trying trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right you know uh and Skeeter walk in in in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of like well stupid and and and he was like, hey bud. I got I got I got something I I I need to well okay tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie Tie Tie a seat right there you know okay. He said I want to tell you about about about something that I found out they if you I mean um haven't heard about it. I I I think I think I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says um um um um it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I I I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Charles Charles Murphy like I mean hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super super super excited today. We've you we've you we've you know so got a couple couple couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop scoop scoop so so on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles Charles Charles and see what's okay you know going on over in the Philippines. I'm not not not much is going on still saying The coronavirus well I mean care still happening, but we're we're we're still standing here. So let's so let's so let's fucking do this. I want want want I mean okay to hear scoop. Yeah. So this so this so this is this is is is an interesting one and something I've okay well been working on for a while while while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and okay well I watched watched watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we okay like like like aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so so so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from wealth from wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work work work grows over time Proverbs well you know 13 11. I read a story recently about about about a 24 year old who well well went to visit a financial planner the the the financial planner asked to see her uh um spending habits the author of the article article article shared that through to over the phone you know like sessions in a couple of of of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have uh okay to give up up up things. She really she really she really loved to save money that realization helped her get get get like so past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending spending spending cuts during the sessions I mean uh. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her her her background shared screens to look uh I mean at a monthly credit card statement statement statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial so uh accountability was intended to help help help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging uh okay to know that that that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle so you know and and and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times I I I mean okay in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today today today. Let's hear it I mean like again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional career well like paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is is is this is this is a podcast about taking well well The Road Less Traveled Traveled Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles well so and and and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host uh okay. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer developer developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor um well and certified oversharer. Does that does that that that does that sound like an insanely long list of things to you know well well well do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going going going you know I mean to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I I I admired deeply to talk uh you know through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot uh so so so beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you okay okay kill kill kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad well well well uh that you did. There was there was there was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants um um um like kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's uh uh uh okay cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences experiences experiences guy so like is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case at page I mean uh Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in in in the podcast. Do not do not do not okay uh reflect the views and policies policies policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this well so podcast listeners discretion discretion discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let um well me explain it's free. There's a creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit so uh your podcast right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for um okay okay okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more like like like okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship is everything I mean well you need to make podcasts in one place download download download the free ankle up or so like good Echo the FM to get started started started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk uh you know. I'm so excited excited excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion expansion expansion um you know assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not not not just about how much so you know money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal uh um life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am I am I am hosting manual manual manual and I pray that the you know I mean word of God you can seem to to to be dying light and it will be priced um okay. This is episode number 12 to to to this word will be read from John 15 you know like verses 9 through 17. As As As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You so well Now Now Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my okay so love love love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I I mean mean mean okay have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that that that okay uh your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other other other like um as I have loved you greater love has no one than than than this to lay down like you know one's life for As friends you are are are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want well uh to thank you for your support and listening to each episode episode episode and I hope like um you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its its its easiest way to make um you know podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and like I mean edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your like so podcast for you. So you can be be be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google you know you know podcast and many more you can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need so you know to make make make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM uh well to to to get started. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up guys today? We have we have have have we have what is perhaps the um like oldest question in the book one that mankind has has has been asking itself since the I mean uh beginning of recorded history and one one one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face okay well with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a a a half Molly's. I okay I okay I okay uh am use of Muhammad formerly known known known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing okay okay good. What are you guys guys guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with I'm with I'm with formerly known as well uh uh uh your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead ahead ahead. And anyways, uh like my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired on YouTube I mean like. So the used to be a visual element. There is is is not any more. This is this is this is I mean I mean just for for for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the like uh car car car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio audio audio I mean um version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave leave leave us a review you know you know wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it it it and let's get into this episode. So today's I mean uh highly recognizable protagonist was was was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of like um animation. A pioneer pioneer pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on okay um today's popular popular popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot it cannot it cannot be understated. You could you you you could you could love him. You can hate okay I mean him or you can can can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt uh um um um Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not um um um um is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn turn turn when like okay Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her so okay reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be be be repeating the second was handled Tastefully um I mean but both fans of the show and and and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit okay I mean passionate passionate passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and uh uh uh well eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username saying how um so the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying bullying bullying and the show taking no I mean you know accountability for it was crap at at at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any you know uh uh uh accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run I mean mean mean so around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or or or a happily ever like so after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another Another Another user responded digging I mean well up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at College okay so Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about about about emotions I mean you know or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined joined joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you um um doing? Girl? I'm doing I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here here here. Taylor well you know is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as as as enos as enos as our theme for today's well I mean podcast with Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? well so It started started started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a uh uh uh well good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in in in you know well college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like like like a kind of well I mean came about in college? Well, I well, well, well, I well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I like like like uh came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the um so so so easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to to to so okay provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools tools tools um okay that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my my my phone computer well okay. You may you may you may remember Episodes of of of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor so well made it it it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone phone phone. It's like uh everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place place place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading reading reading so well from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an an an exegesis of so okay the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is is is from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 so so to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus jesus jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said you must must must love so I mean your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this this this to you love your enemies well I mean and pray for those who who who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of I mean like like like your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men men men as you know like well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f f f m well you know. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it it it and it and it gives you everything um so you need to record edit. Plus they'll they'll they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major I mean okay channels including Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make I mean okay money with with with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the download the download the the the anchor app like uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we today we today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with with with I mean uh poles and some killed her today. We'll be we'll be we'll be be be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of I mean I mean two birds birds birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt you know know know uh gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by by by brooke-taylor I mean you know to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 2020 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 okay um p.m. To celebrate International International International women's day will also have five beers on tap okay well from two birds birds birds and we go through the episode and we try and well well have have have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two I mean mean mean I mean episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast podcast podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad like I mean Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions occasions occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged so so him him him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did you know so so so the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's it's it's okay you know like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts uh I mean. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes crimes crimes listener discretion is advised this episode uh well includes discussions of violence and and and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought of making a podcast but had no no no idea how I have one so like word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to to to start and make a podcast. I'll well I mean explain you see with anchor anchor anchor you have creation tools available to you that uh like allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well you know computer computer computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast podcast podcast I mean okay too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's it's it's that easy now not well so only is Anchor easy to use but it's it's it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you like you know to make money talking about about about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know well uh you're you're you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true okay okay okay okay. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you are are are you are you ready for this zero? It so um does not cost you anything. Anchor is anchor is anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show show show. So well so well so well uh I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought thought thought was I'm here. Maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's just beginner um um podcaster faux pas pas pas. But what but what but what about all the people who aren't listening in in in the like you know morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant coolant coolant shitty show of that. Does it does it does it uh um - no no no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to well um our little little little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first first first so uh time. We're really we're really we're really glad you're nice to meet you you you how it look like you um um hit play Hey for all of you you you that haven't done this already. We'd love we'd love we'd love well uh for you to to to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can okay so do that that that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got you you you know uh a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free free free audiobook so so download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over over over a well you know hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone iPhone iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player well you know. Before we get into today's episode episode episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to okay um you about making making making authentic friendships. You might you might you might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode Episode Episode 34 uh I mean of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling sibling sibling who created this amazing interactive web so well app that enables children ages 13 and and and up and adults with special needs I mean so to make friends based on age age age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers so uh can also sign up up up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just we just we just wanted to take a moment and and and Shout out our podcast host many well I mean of you might already know know know that we record each episode using anchor, but if I mean I mean mean mean you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the the the easiest most I mean I mean efficient way to record a podcast you can make make make money from the podcast with like um no minimum listenership. It's super it's super super super it's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to uh okay record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor I mean mean mean I mean distributes your podcast for you. That you that you that you can listen on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many well so other platforms and the best part is it's it's it's free. It's everything you need to make like uh a podcast in one place place place. So get on it and go download the free I mean so anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why well okay is it it it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor nor nor um well Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God God God. I don't know I mean I mean about you guys. But those those those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august so well if I skip skip skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly I mean mean mean so have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February well uh uh uh. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's That's That's um I mean what we do but it's good to have a practice under our our our belt we can uh um talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want want want to start with the um um in book because and Pete I saw you put put put out a list yesterday of I mean I mean the guys that stood out out out to you and I put out a list this morning of I mean mean mean I mean the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we we we were pretty um like comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but but but Ian but I mean so uh I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast like like like um. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life okay okay okay I mean again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most most most of the you know you know time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the the the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have like um my good friend will with with with me on the show. What up, he is well you know from Texas. Yeah Yeah Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're I I I mean you know just going to be talking about dating and especially in in in the Christian world and okay okay what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic fantastic fantastic. I so just tell me a little I mean like bit about yourself to start start start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is today is today is sponsored by dr dr dr. David Romani for the reflection okay okay of my view on attend you who died died died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored I mean well anonymously in the Merit sadaqa sadaqa sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth well um karev to to to her proper. She look today as well as all the um okay singles of marriageable age age age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo uh um three, so so so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit well so farhi, farhi, farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was I mean um in in in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack okay um um um that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit rabbit rabbit a well um this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us us us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was uh uh uh um asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech uh uh uh like fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name my name my name is Tyrone Tyrone Tyrone. I'll be your okay so host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has has has become custom just because of scheduling uh um things. Like I've said today the plan plan plan is I you know, I really um like struggled over the course of of of the week to come up with things that I so well wanted to talk about about about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still well uh uh uh didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee well you know. We're We're We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys guys guys about you know so the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was was was a case suggestion by a apple um I mean podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes eyes eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving I mean uh a comment for us us us and we're excited to share this case with you um you know support yourselves a strong strong strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a I mean like like like customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done okay okay okay so. Her appointment her appointment her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived arrived arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw she saw she saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you uh uh uh you know how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of of of murder. Sometimes it takes years to uh so connect a Killers crimes a March March March 6th 1959. A man was born who so so would eventually be tried for for for the murder of a single woman. It would take years I mean like for police to to to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator gator gator well well who got the DNA he needed. So if so if so if if if you like your coffee hot, but so like your bones chilled sit back and start start start your day with a morning cup of murder okay like on May 6th. 1986 1986 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of you know well her, Texas Texas Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for hey for hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the the the way. But first, let I mean uh me tell you about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain well like first. It's free. That's the truth truth truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you you know um to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor okay uh will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going so going so going to be heard on on on Spotify Apple so uh podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing growing growing and you can like you know make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you so okay need. Need to make a podcast in one place place place. So get so get so get started today uh well start your podcast get your your your voice out there download the free anchor app or I mean like go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about uh like Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify. You can you can you can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists podcasts and uh okay even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't don't don't even need a I mean so premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on every topic including like well the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing testing testing testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to welcome to to to welcome to the third episode of you know okay my beach hats. How are how are are are how are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good well like like like day. We're using the mic this time. So you're so you're so you're you're you're welcome for that. Yeah, except so okay it's on earbuds. So we got to like like like pass it to each other. You're some you're some you're some um um like like like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've you know know know okay got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this this this. Okay. That I mean well was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want I want I want want want to take a second to talk well um about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like um podcast. Let me me me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to to to I mean so record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know uh for you so so so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many uh like more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you so you know need to make a podcast in one place download the the the free anchor app or go to okay so Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started. Are you going to love this one? I so you know put out so much content content content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought you know so to to to you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast well well well like hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aren't aren't aware you know well of what it is. It's definitely one of the best best best apps that you can um okay go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast podcast podcast to iTunes and the okay uh various different platforms. It also has a lot lot lot of editing tools where you can edit your well um podcast right from a a a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have like like a nice nice nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor um um um like app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's How's How's it going? you know you know you know I mean Hey, bro, I'm good good good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for doing this for me, me, me, so okay man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am I am I am calling this number because I saw it on a a a bathroom uh like wall. See if see if see if your Brandy greetings earthlings earthlings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell so like and today is going to to to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with like I mean us but but but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I so you know sold sold sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I I mean mean mean um think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what what what I mean so I got. My boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend for Valentine's Day Day Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, well uh but I personally think I've trumped trumped trumped his romantic capability is because I got you know um him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered covered covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I I mean uh also got him Star Wars Wars Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope so dope so dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide to um so get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and and and racing you know so we're passionate about serving run a community and we we we bring the most interesting and accomplished like like guests and speakers to inspire you you you and keep you entertained on those long slow okay uh runs. I'm your host host host. McIntosh and mcIntosh and mcIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition nutrition nutrition and weightlifting coach um you know and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You like you like you like um can like us us us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and so so so you know Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit visit visit okay okay group on our page and sending us a member of West if if if you're enjoying like like the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes iTunes iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may may ask um you know that is my best friend since the second grade when when when I was seven years uh um old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten gotten gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert okay um Boos. Oh the clown the guy has has has all sorts of nicknames and I okay I mean assure you I'm going to to to tell you those stories from all over. The years okay uh but the reason we're we're we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a I mean like propensity propensity propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time okay okay okay I mean or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments moments moments uh um. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times times times. He has well okay a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher Gallaher Gallaher. We are to business uh I mean owners looking for a better way in business business business and life this week. We're well I mean looking for a better way way way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you um so know what? I'm I'm I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because uh uh uh um I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I I I realized so so so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing doing doing since I read so well this book, but it kind of just there so so so intuitive they just so so kind of made their way into my routine because because because I was aware of a I mean uh way to do things better integrate integrate integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? um so um so um so Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even well well well well use it. I know I know I know I don't even even even think we get past the Faustian and right okay well so hello hello hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest um um um um for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you you you here I mean you know for the title of the show some Pisco rational rational rational brought up but English on the translator uh so is interpreter translating right or crooked crooked crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us okay okay who you are are are and who you are Nick. I'm a I'm a I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge today like well. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick so stick so so so stick around when I was you know like a kid. Kid growing up in in in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 so uh or 14 years old. I I I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I well well well I mean wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I I I was a I mean I mean trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards cards cards The Meta and the um well community of Legends of runeterra. This episode episode episode this episode this episode is supported by listeners like you to become a okay so so so supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello Hello Hello and well uh welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The The The Meta and the community okay you know of the legends of runeterra. I'm I'm I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift okay like outside of of of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit bit bit I mean like of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could could could not get okay like our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where where where you can listen uh well to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one one one place for free without a premium like like account Spotify has a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus well I mean you can follow your favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users so you know can download episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what well um um um you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already already already I mean um Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily daily daily on um well Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to to to well well follow me. So you so you so you never miss an episode of of of Optimal Health daily. This uh so is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of of of sleep for weight loss and other well okay fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Rachel Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm and I'm and I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric well well well you know traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric pediatric pediatric traumatic hip dislocations like you know are usually posterior and may occur due to low low low injuries sports injuries in children less uh so than 10 years of age treatment is is is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or okay uh sedation open reduction may be be be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction well I mean. 80% of of of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic well well well I mean poster dislocations. And these and these and these injuries are more common common common than hip fractures in you know uh pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more more more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the well okay mechanism of injury injury injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a okay um low low low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The well well well um Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for for for forward Tyler like uh did all that all of it was a leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun you know I mean Lenny was the unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any I mean uh rainbows rainbows rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello well okay everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. For those of you uh like who don't know. We usually shoot these shows shows shows day before and there were some major I mean I mean major news dropped dropped dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know well well how how how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story story story uh you know that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I I I think it's time you have well um any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette it is about the new baby well I mean. I figured we'd talk about about about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did like well as much research. You looked looked looked into it to find out what her deal was okay like and her deal is is is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most so well Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money money money um um to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't you don't you you you don't need this right so well here. I promise you you want the Moon just just just say the word and I'll throw like well a lasso around. Hey guys, this is is is Joe. He's a quick little intro on you know you know what you're about to hear hear hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's you know okay a teacher At At At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development um I mean mean mean. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's well like like like really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and uh uh uh I mean how vital it is to know what your core values are so you you you can create um uh culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have you have you have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled scheduled scheduled programming to um you know give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We We We have our Flamingo okay so correspondent Hi, how are you? This is this is this is is is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the like you know American Museum of Natural History. You You You heard her on our do not underestimate the you know like flamingo episode episode episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the the the well um planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate I appreciate I I I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I you know well don't know if you're you're you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has well well been a flamingo flamingo flamingo event. In the in the in the last week. Yes. I saw it. It It It was, you I mean okay know brought to my attention by a few people. It It It looks like a picture like uh from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, yeah, yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU SVU SVU well like after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here so um with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she she she LL. Oh and oh and oh and you're the CEO uh uh season 21 episode 15 15 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's you know uh uh uh great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us let us let us us us tell you ahead of um uh time that if you find yourself in a a a situation where you need help, please well you know reach out to rain. They They They are wonderful organization. Their hotline their hotline their hotline is 165 six four four four six seven okay so three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore chore chore but a great car so uh can be an adventure a getaway and a a a prized possession whatever your budget or family so like require. There's a car out there there there. You'll love we're here to help you find you know um it. I'm Todd. I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am you know like so happy happy happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're I I I mean I mean happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports Sports Sports cars sports cars sports cars in so well the winter sort of revelatory revelatory revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I like so last started it the day day day after Christmas because I had to get it out of I mean well the garage and and and having some work done start start. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to to to wrap uh like my head around this you started it last night started was the the the day after I mean like Christmas. So that's been like what three months as as as of this report. Last time. It I mean well moved was a month before before before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the um um way, where there's one thing. I I I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car uh um is is is true. I could I could I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your your your hosts hard so like and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and and and Gordon believe so uh it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap tap tap some of so like the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today today today. We thought that I okay like know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would actually actually actually just it's really just part of uh okay an unload we would just learn learn learn the dots together and see what we uh so can glean from some of its its its insights will start with a murabbi oven like well which is Really the first topic that's that's that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque uh you know and such such such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha okay okay. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice practice practice I mean so with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter Netter Netter. Just talking to I mean you know teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA NASA NASA in association with the teacher development trusts so I mean and now proudly sponsored sponsored sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean um uh podcast podcast podcast this week. So there so there so there is no teacher development trusts section section section or the usual podcast pedagogy I mean um section where it's me and and and Rings into music film and books. They will like um return next week. So it's it's it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer like uh Akbar in in in conversation. And the and the and the reason for this strict back podcast is that that that I'm uh uh recording especially early in the week this week because I I I have just been recording a couple okay well of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do you like thinking? thinking thinking No. Well, sometimes you like like um thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? fun fun Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for um so you. We We We are we are we are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find find find like well the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical comical comical. Hey, if hey, if hey, if uh so you're listening to this, you know, how how how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know know know. We're just you know okay kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple couple couple of issues like hey, I got okay like a couple issues with for we don't don't don't have a low blow but we don't have um like issues or just so so so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast I mean like like like for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll We'll We'll like we'll like we'll like so figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm I'm I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, this is our uh uh podcast is first first first time something new just you know had an idea one day um uh like like like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going um um um you know to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might might might as well try uh okay to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk so so so so about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model Model Model S okay so and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm I'm I'm really really excited like like about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd nerd nerd out on this shout out to the uh uh third row podcast. I came up up up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and uh uh we're talking talking talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3 so I I I mean. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool cool cool looking you know so new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost cost cost 60 Grand and then I mean I mean you pay five and a half Grand Grand Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads you know well which are geared geared geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten you know like some some some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking thinking thinking like you know uh wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of of of this luxury Performance Brand to like okay upsell all of these fancy new features features features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like okay like Tesla nerds nerds nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think think think well um is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to like like like well be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best best best app to um well use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You You You can use your um uh phone computer or any other device to record it it it. And once and once and once you post the uh I mean podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on acre. They post they post they post it on Spotify to get get get your like so podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything everything everything you need in one like you know place and it is the best platform platform platform to create. Any type of podcast I well like think this is episode episode episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is this is this this this is so okay Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I I don't think uh uh anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're We're We're going we're going we're going to talk about like you know the combine that just happened happened happened and how the Panthers are going to get the like well best pick pick pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already already already 2020 time flies when you're I mean well having fun. Isn't that right? Having a a a blast here today shows a good one. Nice well so Feel Good Friday to send send send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have well like conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks breaks breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff you know so game that that that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good so well well well answer. Also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and and and all the other conversation I mean like that you could potentially want to hear hear hear about life. We can't we can't we can't thank you enough for uh um choosing choosing choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other other other okay I mean things with your earholes right now. A lot alot alot of the the the things people say you shouldn't use I mean okay Q-tips and more I use use use them. I use I use I use Q-tips all the time. I love okay I I I mean me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the the the way, okay um though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that that that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no no no well okay further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make well well well so a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have have have to pay to host you know I mean your content. There's creation tools that allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh uh your phone or or or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh so you don't don't don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to um I mean mean mean Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can um um um um make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want you you you know uh in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want want want to get well um it out. You want you want you want to write a a a note just upload and turn on uh um your anchor app on your phone and and and hit record and save notes to your like so library to upload to future episodes download download download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow scishow scishow. If you haven't heard about okay okay anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred you know okay percent free this creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um so your your your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the the the rest so you know. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like like like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify um like and many more on top of that that that. You can you can you can actually earn money from your um um podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast and I I I mean uh one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f m-- um um to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast podcast podcast that allows people so okay like you and me to invest our money in the the the more entertaining way so you know. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer photographer photographer by the day, but I make most well like of my money by by by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down well uh with you and sharing sharing sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've like like learned and more more more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back um um to to to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my so so so so guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a a a mica well uh covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley can just use use use our code. That's KU Z AZ um um and me honking honking meaning in a script script script to get the full code. Just um um listen to our full Kodak bad bad bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening so um to good answers. Hi, Hi, Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here I mean uh with us us us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address uh so. Hello Hello Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and like like like like you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're we're we're counting we're counting down you know I mean the top 31 Sports Kindles of the the the past 31 years. Today's event comes to uh I mean us from 1992. When the the the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable uh well group of youths from from from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world I mean okay until until until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking like like like um sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special special special listen you know so free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League League League World Series um so is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Youth Youth Sports and while it might uh okay evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 91 91 I mean uh over your life. No virus no virus no virus can Prevail over over over the spirit of God plead the blood uh like of Jesus that if the virus virus virus is a wave around and tries to even come like uh close. The fault so don't don't don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did like like you hear this this this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close you know uh some some some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come come come to okay I mean Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that that that it kicked out of Hyderabad uh uh right? There is no permission to come come come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast podcast podcast. I'm here I'm here I'm here um you know with my friend cat cat. How's How's How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode okay well we are man man man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of so uh diving diving diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have have have okay um a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll so so so we'll so we'll call it I mean okay vol 1 but cat you want want want to so who were your roommates and what well well happened? Okay, so I extended so so so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person okay uh apartment. So I so so so I so I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are chances are chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if if if but if but if they were just what so like would that look like? Well, Well, Well, this is a very small part of what we you know you you you know are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus is well like the Talk of the Town right now and today I want want want to cover it like I mean in some detail from a bit of a different angle angle angle. All in this okay you know episode I want to talk less about masks masks masks and hand sanitizer and more about uh so perhaps the financial financial financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on you know you you you know well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? is is Give me give me give me P frog. Hey okay like guys, welcome to to to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo show like I mean mean mean. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard heard heard I heard I mean you know I heard because I played it for you. This one's for for for you man. I don't okay you know know not to go off topic here. Oh Oh Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No you no you no you know you know know know photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also you know um gangster rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast you know you know. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't don't don't get enough social door - I mean uh yeah, you gotta be cool to to to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg so you know not awkward. So So So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes you you you know uh whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I I I knew of it okay well. But now I know it's also the ancestral ancestral ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good um like greasers and those rotten sotius sotius sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your I'm your I'm your host well well well so Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it I mention um um it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me me me today is writer journalist Leslie you know okay gray Streeter. How are you today? I I I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you like okay. I am so excited to have you you you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Maggie Maggie okay so Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Clinical Clinical Psychology. I'm also well uh the founder of the online group therapy platform model that that that care. I love helping people overcome so like anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and and and stress, please join us each week as we uh you know share real sessions with with with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with uh you know anxiety OCD mood mood mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like you know know know okay and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest biggest biggest fears and find that uh so despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can they they they can they can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed you you you know you know approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients clients clients do well to well okay help them generalize those skills towards areas where their their their stock my model for okay um Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help conversations so I mean with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Maria Sosa of holistically Grace okay you know as we take a deep dive into redefining redefining redefining and exploring Health through the well so mind and body. This week's guest needs no no no introduction. She is she is she is an author Wellness consultant you know you know and and and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice voice voice through uh well storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She She She is she is she is the magic so like behind words for Wanderer loving loving loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I like you you you know affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think you know okay fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds sounds sounds is the voice you know well of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for for for another edition of big well I mean fashion big bank. We got family in the building building building y'all nudity is on big fast, like like nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you you you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head like okay ha ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is you know um um um just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and um um um um well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you you you got to do we know uh uh you're going to do is just addition is is is swear that you going uh okay to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, nothing, nothing, but it was just big fast uh okay tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Hmm Hmm Okay. All right, cool. So what we well like left off last last last time we talked it was just just just talking about you I mean I mean mean mean and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, I I I mean well but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are you are you are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life Life Life podcast today. I'm going to I mean okay be bringing on a friend of mine mine mine this woman and I met let's see here probably um uh close to to to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that now you know like we we we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of okay okay okay so thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since she's since since since she's since I mean well moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in in in a while, but I mean you know it was really great to record record record this episode. She has spent the last okay well several years studying herbs. Actually, Actually, Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her so um and she she she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some like okay of of of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize apologize apologize uh I mean that I have not figured out yet, which I need to to to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we are we are we truly believe that that that the best of you so uh are those who benefit others so I'm a a a thief and here I am. And I mean uh we are your hosts for for for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome to okay okay this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's Friday's Friday's tomorrow and you can smell you know okay it the weekends here and that's when you you you let the freaks out the uh um weekends for the freaks. Before I get into into into this week's episode. I just um um want to tell you that this Friday Friday Friday March the 6th. I will I will I will be in Iowa I mean um um um City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I I I will I will I will be in I mean okay Detroit Michigan at electricity electricity electricity and both of those shows are on the E - so so a store store store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue like like like like but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why okay okay okay I mean it's okay to fuck up. Let's get let's get let's get into this week's week's week's episode. Are the are the are the podcast and so so the intro song this this this week is actually a song that a fan sent in like so that. I I I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works um I I I mean hard towards Ascension. So you so you so you don't have to to to I'm your host Adam Simpson well I mean and I am joined by terrie Robinson Robinson Robinson. And today we are going to talk like uh about the dream speakers in another another another episode of tomes of magic. But before you know um we do, I thought it it it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry um you know how how how you doing. I am I am I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Midnight Midnight Express podcast to talk about okay you know the woo Kang now we we we talked for almost two and a A half hours like like just about the the the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they so I I I mean take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that that that for two so uh hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I I I forgot that uh I mean Australian summer time and North American summer time do do do not occur at the same I mean uh time. So I'm like, let's let's let's figure out a time to record what will be good and you know uh uh uh I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and and and like like um I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the world like um of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most notorious subjects uh I mean every week in addition to your normal con artists episode episode episode. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most fascinating True well okay Crime themes covered covered covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some of like um um um our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation motivation motivation method and like I mean Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world really is you can find these okay I mean original episodes for free on Spotify or or or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of I mean um episodes that we we we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases um so of of of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back okay well with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In In In the last so like few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going going going up and up as well um of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases cases cases and over 3,000 debt and the you know so virus has spread fast outside of of of China with more than 70 countries now affected and so well we're starting to feel it it it here in the US just this week the you know uh World Health Organization put put put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines like so saying saying saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get like uh uh uh it worldwide. So just so just so just how worried should you be the start start start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day Day Day 2020. Our podcast is based uh I mean on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which which which is a celebration of things going wrong you know you know and what we we we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss like so failings in in in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much much much you know like you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, So, So, my name's Beth well you know Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the the the host for this episode so so today. I have I have I have the the the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's so let's so let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I'm I'm Hazel. I so well love tennis. I hate I hate I hate small talk and have have have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm so you know Marky filter. What's that? Welcome Welcome Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 931 uh well. And good morning, everyone everyone everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well okay well Queen Hazel. And And And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi hi hi I mean you know. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know know know the drill you sure as okay uh hell should by now sitting here episode 42 42 42 got another action-packed episode for you here you know you know today. We are are are we are we are rocking and rolling. That's Grace that's Grace that's Grace Ibrahim behind the the the glass on the ones so so and twos and the man the solution to to to our audio that is Tyler you know I mean on the dice today rocking and rolling rolling rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after well I mean Friday Tuesday after Friday, Friday, Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right hang right hang right right right like well with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks like like like so know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially officially officially a um I mean thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring featuring featuring Advanced Skin safe you know um technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits okay well one one one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921 okay uh uh uh. The criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many many many of them were there for you know so Life others for death. By that that that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of so I mean a hundred and and and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that um I mean mean mean number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man man man like you know on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old old old Sparky a longshoreman I mean so who is convicted of murdering one of of of his co-workers in a violent rage. He you know like was granted a reprieve from the the the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one no one no one likes a cheater but we all seem to know know know one. Maybe it's okay well the reason you don't talk to an old friend or or or one of your parents um so anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust trust trust and respect in some cases um okay. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain pain pain of being cheated on maybe you've I mean like even been the cheater, but but but no you've never cheated and you never will uh uh. It right it right it it it right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of so um betraying betraying betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is um well sick sick sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us uh uh uh uh go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description description description below. Thank you so like so much for listening. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey hey hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge well uh the subreddit where where where people post stories of small victories over those who dared you know uh to to to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced forced forced. I'm you I'm you I'm you know okay out. So this happened to me years years years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy uh so in some parts parts parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school you you you know um. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a a a recruiter um well and events would be organized for all the new recruits to to to hang out while well well they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is what is what is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um um um. What it what it what it was that you know well again is is is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, so well Maggie. I I I love I love I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits credits credits. My I mean okay name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her Her Her name is Carly. Hello okay um. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the the the first episode of our And we basically the I mean so end. Oh my God God God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening okay okay okay okay to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be be be you know um discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a a a community will also talk so okay about what it's like to express ourselves and and and share stories through our respective creative Fields like I mean. Also the time you're here here here from us, but will also be featuring other artists you know uh on this this this podcast as well. If you're if you're if you're interested in listening to this podcast, be be be um um sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name my name my name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank bank bank today. Let's talk about okay well gold. Go touch an intraday high of of of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per I mean so ounce in in in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013 2013 2013 well uh. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his his his record high set I mean so on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 2011 2011 the record high of 1920 $117 well I mean. Has not Closed in his den, den, den, or at least until now. I think it I mean so is first important to understand what what what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's you know okay take a trip down down down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot well well well uh of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in in in with so uh enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join join join me uh I mean as I go along you're joining the words Brendan Brendan Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met uh I mean the business mentor? Hey, have have have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, you know well when when when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of like you you you know host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse browse browse. It was so complicated so I mean so much so that until I I I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name name name is so so Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the the the uh I mean thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests guests guests on you okay uh just skipped it we have because we've done our guest guest guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why I mean well would I say this if if if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't we don't we don't so so so um have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the the the um I mean guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I I I thought it'd just be like uh nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great great great well um show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show show show introducing a new I mean like market today. We'll The Savage if that's me me me. I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, or will you know so the Savage on this this this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty well so Savage so so so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful okay you you you know episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's it's it's still we're like so almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that that that I think so like we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round round round trips. Yeah, that's really um I mean awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or or or like a confetti Pauper like five okay you know of those not like a beef stick stick stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say like um we can see ya Takin darts at a a a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship okay okay backwards good idea. So this is the the the most packed episode we've ever had that's okay you know cool. It's cool it's cool cool cool it's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? you know know know so We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week week week like like and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history history history start brushing on uh I mean the top of your mouth on one side and and and brush all the way to the molars I mean so in the back three three three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover like you know DNA DNA DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin Franklin Franklin so well. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew grew grew up in well um London in the 1930s and went to one of the only only only schools that taught okay like women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided decided decided she wanted to be a well uh And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our okay well podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this this this inspires you like I mean hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective perspective perspective to see God is moving in uh I mean your life. Enjoy the message message message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going so I mean to go go go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 like well verses today today today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you you you uh uh. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This This This sermon will probably um you know take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The The The Lord showed up. I thought he well like did till nobody said there was was was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so and so and so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this this this so okay audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an an an interactive so you know online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that that that I create and curate like uh online for us to talk about which is is is why both our tagline for phenomenology um you know club and the subtitle for for for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of well like these uploads are are are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in um like interacting with with with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the so so so uh notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our our our club what uh I mean we do and how you can become a member member member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you thank you thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the the the package a podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted I mean um to take a a a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your your your okay you know very own podcast. Some of some of some of the more important important important aspects are actually having a service I mean okay to host and distribute distribute distribute the show as well as software to record each episode um like for the the the longest time. I actually I actually I actually paid money to host the the the packet a podcast and um so have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also also also using different software as I tried to okay um record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives me everything we need to record host and I mean I mean Ribbit our our our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not okay uh uh uh only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum minimum minimum listenership um you know. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be be be serious about using anchor you know uh download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let let let y'all know like I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be be be possible without anchor anchors it easiest uh I mean way to make a podcast podcast podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for um okay free. That's That's That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use like so right right right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow so well well well you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also like like like I mean will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family family family okay you know like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast Google podcast and many more. You uh well can also make a little bit of Ching from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean uh. So download the anchor app app app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor that's anchor that's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to come want to start off the show show show by giving a well so fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate candidate candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar um so has in recent weeks weeks weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean uh you know know know kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as you know know know so a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an what an what an intro welcome back to to to talking backwards between Peaks podcast well like. I am I am I am Dave Jackson Jackson Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody and holler you know know know um Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're We're We're going I mean uh to go back to the beginning and and and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought I mean okay this this this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like okay okay okay so there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the um um um I mean sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James James James and I mean um Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride ride ride. I hope I hope I hope you enjoyed today's STG well I mean mean mean talks podcast. Planning for planning for planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and and and probably another 10 years to okay like actually build it. So we always have to to to plan 25 years in advance for a um you know population 25 years later and you know know know similar to what many things happen in uh you know the world. We usually we we we usually we usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up um um um um working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British British British you know um Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a a a thesis around uh um the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh uh uh well notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a I I I mean well transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had had had been um I mean had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was was was in so you know my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening listening listening to I mean uh you, I left a really high profile job, and I I I did and I started a business okay you know. And for and for and for for for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and like well I was was was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And like and and and like and like well I got so aligned and the business started and I got got got everything I wanted and like so more and it was huge and it launched in in in a way more than I could well like have ever asked for no not not not more than you could have ever asked for us I mean like in a way way way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is it is it is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody somebody somebody that you know uh you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and and and y'all can t have a conversation okay uh. You know, I'm saying the only only only moment y'all have is because we're just here to okay I mean serve each other other other to get this money and then we walking you know well apart. So it's like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that you know I mean mean mean question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't okay okay okay okay think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't weren't weren't I mean you know enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot lot lot of us joke uh so the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a a a bunch of idiots run wild um so a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight. I'm well I'm well I'm well uh your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina well so is available those those those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that so uh you can work work work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is he is he is the big fella from the the the big North. We have we have we have like uh brought him in yet yet yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power I mean you know suit Tyler Tyler Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you so so so you know seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I I I I mean um think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of of of Obama's beige suit and like you know a J.Crew model. It's actually it's actually actually actually it's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed you know know know um in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel lapel lapel Rob. It's little um so lapel, you know, it adds a little flare flare flare a little spice. So you are and are like I mean you going to work work work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right you know you know know know before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here here here so well again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a a a you know I mean big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode episode of okay I mean the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for for for you guys today. My well I mean name is KJ I said I'll be your your your host and it's actually going well like to be a solo pod today because because because the Lakers are on the schedule uh uh. Brian is in a meeting meeting meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're um I mean going to to to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people so I I I mean consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on it's on it's on on on the well okay Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles Angeles Angeles. We all know what you know I mean happened last time the Box Box Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer so okay form and and and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers writers writers dream okay I mean of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is it is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to talk about anchor our so uh new podcast platform. The easiest the the the easiest the easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point um like like like and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use use use okay okay it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit edit edit like okay and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as as as good as well uh my voice or you can upload a podcast that you you you might have recorded on another um okay application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you so it can Be heard you know you know everywhere Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can you can you can make easy money money money um you know for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor anchor anchor right? No you know I mean minimum listenership required download the anchor app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- okay you know right now. Yeah Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are they are they are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would so well well well be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during well well well okay wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a a a warm meal with a okay okay husband and children Pearl was reaching the end end end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey you know you know despite the chill chill chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles I mean mean mean like along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she she she squeezed so okay the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into into into view German soldiers coated um well the span like ants on a fallen Apple Apple Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the um like river a straight shot shot shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and and and uh so night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush brush in okay uh little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines heroines heroines week. And today and today and today we're okay okay talking about a courageous woman woman woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene um okay. Tasmania is tasmania tasmania tasmania is tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called called called the uh like palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that that that island and tricking Nene was like you know one of the palala people switcher rushing rushing rushing to the other side of the top of um so your mouth and brush the the the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of you know uh a leader leader leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you tony you tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast podcast podcast. It's going on. Well, it's uh well the Partnerships that we've had and and and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are okay well going to be under under under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this well you know is is is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together um uh uh uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May May May we're going okay well to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he he he is he is he going to be you know okay a salon? Because of course course course we going to be there with her love um so Retreats. We really really really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth so well is going going going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very um okay schedule schedule schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, okay you you you know they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth phase uh you know want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome welcome welcome Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm okay okay so excited schedule schedule schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give give give you guys a little idea um uh how we do it here at paddle and fin fin fin podcast. We use the anchor so you know dot f m-- recording platform super easy easy easy distributes our podcast too many many like okay different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you you you to record and edit podcast you know I mean right from your phone or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m um okay or Download the free free free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you well uh by by by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom. And uh so use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your your your next gig order today okay you know. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where well um we try try try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is is is um like right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to well well well like run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't well, don't don't don't well, don't listen okay like that's part of the sort of you know, know, know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of you know you know in the startup startup startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write well well well okay. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of Of Of it I mean well and you have to pull out boogers to get it to to to start recording. Right? um you know Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy sloppy sloppy pizza and I do need to um like dig around in there and then I I I do get if I say, you uh so know, if I cuss too much then then then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me uh like and I hurts a a a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those um you know have a a a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your uh okay host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from from from he's from he's from the skirt um so and he's going to join us for for for the ride on the first ever episode you know you know of Melody our little little little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't you know know know like complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to to to so like just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you you you think the like uh goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let Let Let me let me let you know okay me try to Enlighten the that that that a little bit. So basically it did start out okay I mean as as as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people okay you you you know were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast podcast podcast so um and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your um uh favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or or or if you like well become a premium user you can download the episode so you you you can listen to them offline like I mean I mean I do when when when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also well well you can can can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already you know know know I mean be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or or or browse well so podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said in in in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a uh uh uh like regular Mom. I'm a I'm a I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. I have okay like had some shit on my mind per usual that I I I wanted to share of one um so of which is the fact that I I I have literally not had a job for uh uh the past. Really long time time time and like my adult life probably aside from like so uh a gig here and and and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my you know um bank account account account. I have I have I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a a a few like so reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds sounds sounds of the okay well unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your your your demise is it hand you I mean like stop and turn and see the harmless harmless harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out I mean you know a shaky breath almost almost almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly well so. You feel you feel feel feel you feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper doze doze doze whisper doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display like like like I mean in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any Any Any of their victory that takes them well like back to the top in in in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk um um um uh about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last last last so um week and earlier this week. And the and the and the first thing thing thing was poor is why am I okay okay not posting the full week of workouts workouts workouts on Facebook a week in advance and you know you know it's simple reason reason reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you uh um um um guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so and so and and and so there you know you know are days that you can make it and and and days. You just can't make um like it. And that is how I want you you you to plan your week. I don't uh um want you to plan your week week week to try based off of a certain workout that you're like you know trying trying trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about about about the like you know purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base base base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make well uh a podcast. Let me let me let me explain first it's free free free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to so well record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute like so your podcast for you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast so you know and many many more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well okay. It's everything it's it's it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free you you you know okay anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? up up Welcome to um okay another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Olympian Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to so so another edition of 40th podcast on today's today's today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second second second I mean um century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat combat combat outfits like I mean of all time vanish from the historical record? If you you you enjoy this episode and want you know uh to hear more Tales of Scandal murder murder murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents so I mean March Mysteries, you'll hear hear hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like uh well well well medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify okay like like like and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public public public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Rory you know okay the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really really really have a thing we can I mean so actually go through but we do do do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, um uh why do do do they support Sunderland? I'm your I'm your I'm your host Tom Walsh and and and I'm here with uh so Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia and today today today we're going to be I mean okay talking about Tick Tock and it's road to to to success. So this app take talk has okay uh been showing up on on on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and uh I mean mean mean it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given given given uh you know a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be be be famous. One of one of one of those well okay teams you might know know know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so well well a a a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? Lottery Lottery So if you know uh he was dancing on the camera on that one, and and and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast well well well uh a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced produced produced by Games Workshop. This is like like the second ever podcast I've ever made. So So So I hope this isn't too you know I mean horrible and still trying to to to find my feet. So I so I so I hope you are bear well well well like with the bad editing in places. I've done I've done I've done my best best best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections you know you know that were terrible terrible terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover so well recent recent recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend spend spend the rest well so of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the the the basic building blocks like okay of the game. I was intending to spend some time time time discussing how to like well use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing realizing realizing have a lot of like um Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the the the man of courses primarily from gaming I mean um perspective. This is a a a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a I mean uh slight slight slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was well well well so a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app today uh well and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio book summaries on personal development like okay productivity business and more listen to to to them while working out or commuting to work okay I mean and get the key key key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick I mean so so so read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our our our content okay uh plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated narrated narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction um um Mira is making a big bold bold bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth like well of of of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all all all in you know well you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've you've you've heard the quote give a you know um man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some at some at some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came came came over well you know a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since since since the water was about six I mean um feet deep outside and inside their house house house one family spent its time sitting on I mean um the porch roof watching watching watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice well um a nice nice nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person well like who who who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out um um um um of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river river river um okay suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream Upstream Upstream against the current. This was well uh obviously very strange. So the lad kept kept kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream I mean I mean around the corner of of of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It so you you you know came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida aFlorida aFlorida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people people people with Laura I mean um and Romy. It's a it's a it's a whole big big big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi you know uh. We We We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on on on you know um this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like like like a sudden like like uh hand in my shots, and he was feeding me me me like, you know something if it's well so wow, it's like the clouds open and you're you're you're on Mount Olympus and it's just okay okay the two of us. Discussing the discussing the the the discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there I mean well are are are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just you you you know uh fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people people people see us um you know in their dreams now. It's probably it's probably it's probably probably probably how they see you. Don't you don't okay well you must have a lot lot lot of scenes that open like that? You're a you're a you're a part of you you you know I mean this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind kind kind of in we're talking so so about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you you you know, the Gonzo's. Well, well okay it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we we you know you know are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we we we have to sift through like you know more often than not the level level level of conversation is at such a high well I mean intellectual point that we're not not not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we thought we we we thought okay I mean we might share one of them with you now, but but but remember if you want to like you know be involved, don't forget. You send us us us a DM. Send us send us send us your questions and um so we'll go go go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did I I I did I did the I mean um whole sort of winning the Florida when when when the Clear Water went down. I did uh like like did Miami and then sort sort sort of come back round again and went into um you know they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about about about you know you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's I mean well creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like uh computer computer computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and I mean you know know know anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple I mean like podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to to to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Walsh Walsh Walsh and I have a special so like guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce introduce introduce yourself over there? so I mean My name is Katherine. I'm excited I'm excited I'm I'm I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine like so so so dances with me. I haven't I haven't I haven't said the name of our company company company because I you know okay mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can can can keep it discreet like I'll okay um probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can can can edit it. I recommended I mean you know that I just For like PR Reasons, Reasons, Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to like you know listen to this this this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced um okay at American Ballet Ballet Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect uh like. Can I say say say your full name? Yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the it's the it's it's it's the switches third okay okay birthday. And I and I and I don't think we bought bought bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone uh you know. So the Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name so so so okay is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell. We've got so um a good show for you. Today. We're going to be be be talking about the um well news from the week including a lot of news news news coming out of platinum games and uh um Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're we're we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda um so A to Z. But in in in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited excited excited. I um um also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends friends friends High cuz he well you know hates horror movie that I do and that's why why why they call me the horror version well well. That's the that's the that's the only only only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that like like all you you you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through like I mean the the the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we okay okay okay um make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism so I mean mean mean. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one uh uh uh like our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I I I mean well. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they secondly, secondly, secondly, they secondly, they give you creation tools uh well that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor like uh will distribute your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean well and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum like like listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in one place download the uh like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome I mean uh to the flip the script script script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm well well a a a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio Duccio Duccio you duccio you duccio you know um ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on on on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift well okay. I'm really excited about this week's week's week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this you you you know I mean week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break break break because fitting race coming up well so. So angry is after you losing to this this this. It'll be we have week one um you know week of classes still and and and then spring break is the week after that. So March, like like however, however, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I I I I mean I mean finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next next next week. I just have um okay a presentation for one of my classes see see see your husband exam for a class that like like I'm not in but it's just like like like we're really home free now, I mean I mean we've finished our last exam today, which which which is so so nice because we had uh well like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I so I so I will say it was was was like uh like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not not not uh well like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today I mean like and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel feel feel like I okay okay still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk talk talk to you guys quickly I mean okay about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and like I mean one place place place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that okay well is is is great because let's face it. We are we are we are all trying to save save save a little okay uh bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you so you so you never uh okay miss an episode episode episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on I mean so so so Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and whenever well uh you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The The The apps downloaded already but this like uh one is actually useful. So if you haven't done done done so already download the Spotify app search so uh for your favorite podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are you know uh Library tab. Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an well uh uh uh episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, I mean like everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast podcast podcast where we I mean like take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth well like like like. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So like like like like I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then then then well, uh uh we haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that that that you know um. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but they don't hear the tax tax tax that can't read that this is you know so we're talking to these people. We're We're We're not I don't think they want to read some like um of the stuff that we we we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, well you know we did did did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got we got we we we got to see some uh like amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really really really cool. Music had some good beer okay so. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk you know uh now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to to to the good trouble after well well show and guys. We are at the season finale finale finale of the such a well well good season Chad Hills. I am your host host host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you well um since season one. I'm so happy happy happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could I could I could well well well so not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to to to the fart of okay uh my love. I have I have I have Miss Miss Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big uh you know know know Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I I I was in high so so school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't isn't isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she you know okay brings you your news and and and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you okay okay guys guys guys doing? I'm so I'm so I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you do you do you have have have something that you feel like you know um you want to share? I know Brandon and and and I toss different ideas I mean you know around for months before we found out out out the anchor is the easiest way I mean well to make a podcast and I'll I'll I'll tell you why first of all, it's free um like. You can record edit edit edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from well well your your your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out uh you you you know on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with with with no you know you know minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast podcast podcast right in like um one place. So here's so here's so here's what you need need need to do. If you're interested Go download the well I mean free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's ANC ANC ANC so uh hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your your your podcast. Hello uh okay everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health Health Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this hi, this hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome welcome welcome to room 237. So for our so so first episode we're going to get get get into the movie Carrie the original old school one I mean um from 1976. So So So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was it was it was one one one of my mother's favorite. So so uh I think it was one of the the the first ones she saw in the uh I mean theater growing up. I was introduced to to to this movie when I was about nine or um um ten, which given the amounts amounts amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But you know well I turned out out out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening you're listening you're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host host host join me as I you know so talk to the best and brightest and It's It's It's an economics will go beyond just I mean um Theory and discuss some of the most important important important real world macro questions of our time uh so what happens next and how does does does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is is is Kate kocher okay uh today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and and and grieving the passing of my um I mean husband's grandmother. And it and and and it and it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not not not like I mean seen for a long time. We get we get we get get get to share stories about this woman that I mean you know was in in in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to to to okay like just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and intertwined and and and intertwined and that today I know well I mean we're going to have a a a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and um like sharing stories about about about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of I mean uh uh uh humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of of of so okay join me not just with the people that have passed away in in in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive you know uh to Spotify. It's on on on it's on it's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode uh I I I mean that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 11 11 slow scan television uh um telecast during the first moon landing to hear more more more mini episodes like this follow I mean I mean gone exclusively on Spotify Spotify Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a I mean um television television television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented so so so you know some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for you know know know you know not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then then then I'll see what I'm um like Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and and and this is episode 5 were just talking um you know about how we can can can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling well uh uh uh a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it it it feel um um like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to to to spending as much time well you know with you half an hour a week. That's That's That's crazy every other week or so so every other week. That's insane insane insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing we doing we we we doing this you are okay so you really leaving your hood on the the the entire time. Yes, I yes, I yes, I am spaghetti. Yes well okay on on on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater um like already already already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that uh well well well I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It It It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't so uh really have the same scanning that does does does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello so I mean. Welcome to welcome to to to welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why you know know know like do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the the the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start uh you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side and brush a little I mean um circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where where where every day we talk about a you know so heroic woman from history today today today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible well you know odds, her name name name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in well okay England a a a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born I mean okay okay okay with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she she she was just uh well a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher Switcher Switcher rushing to the okay like other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or or or try so like to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough enough enough of that going okay so on in the world today. As a matter of fact, fact, fact, the inspiration behind this podcast you know like is to speak to and in Fire regular regular regular folks through personal stories that being real being I mean uh vulnerable and being being being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite like okay. We believe that that that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through okay you know know know our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our our our I mean um Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when when when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights rights rights you know uh reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the the the original version on demand so well. So a big warm welcome to my guests guests guests on the show tonight and a Colgan you know you know and loose and Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've like I mean got a a a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it I mean okay okay okay just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye uh I I I mean introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously obviously obviously people like okay at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm I'm I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second you know like year from Hill bead studying physical physical physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's okay so great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what what what you wanted and you lose okay I mean it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm I'm I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student I mean uh from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up up up what's up friends puff stuff podcast okay okay back on your listening device. We We We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool well I mean thing right now now now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their like so products products products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't well okay okay okay like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple you you you know so weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're you're you're going uh you know to do some testimonials from us. This is what you you you got to do go to I mean I mean the puff and Steph Facebook page, and and and it's pinned to the top of the page and okay I mean just tell tell tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before uh uh uh uh and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want want want you know uh to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe maybe maybe there's something well well specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason reason reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make so make so make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless god bless god bless you you you Derek. I like so love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is is is dull soap is I mean uh dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 12 12 step program. We support we support we support people's right I mean um to to to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live um um um like approach to sobriety. This show this show this show is intended to highlight highlight highlight the benefits of a sober life. We okay I mean want to encourage healing healing healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with um like alcohol alcohol alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am am am uh like a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast um well. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to to to record and you know so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast you know I mean for you. So it so so so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay okay okay well many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener listener listener ships. It's well well everything you need to make a podcast in One place, place, place, so let's try together. I remember like okay that day like it was yesterday yesterday yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending okay well messages to to to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the the the third well like episode of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We We We almost well like there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and and and bad memories and all um well that shit, but most importantly. I want to to to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I uh uh should talk about it. I thought thought thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special uh so but why not just talk about Mary's Mary's Mary's and all the shit that's happened in so well that school that made me who who who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's you know I mean was a school school school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To welcome To welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability and empowerment to you know well thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie Angie Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and uh like you grams 7 twinsies active students students students in the space of friendships a less common I mean like type of relationship relationship relationship that's discussed. And we're and we're and we're here to share all that. We've learned learned learned we've learned we've learned and still well I mean learning so grab a cold cold cold brew and join us at the table. This is like well the girls go podcast podcast podcast. So Shelby so Shelby so Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give I mean mean mean you know a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to to to so um say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I I I was well I mean little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just just just wish that uh you know you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and and and here's some for us. Yes I yes I yes I mean I mean. Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was what was what was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll I'll I'll be hood okay okay forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since and since and and and since I made it here I can make it anywhere I mean uh get a love love love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome um welcome um welcome um uh uh uh back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some so so so uh pretty cool stuff today. I'm very I'm very I'm very excited about you Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff. I am freaking so so pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like like like kind of the one of the the first I mean uh like not real episode, but but but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts well so and other things going going going to talk about besides just you know overarching I mean um principle. So I mean mean mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all okay well about the difference between a a a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into you know I mean mean mean what do we mean by that? We obviously we obviously we obviously there's there's there's a difference between gold and uh well idea like, you know, Tyler what are are are you talking about? So I'll break it well so down real quick and and and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing uh well about what what what we came up with what we what we have found to be so like true true true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about about about the you know I mean anchor app, let me explain a few things because because because it's the easiest um like way to make a podcast. That's exactly exactly exactly what we do here at running wild well I mean podcast. We use anchor anchor anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free I mean um um um. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast uh uh uh well. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from you know like your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay um. So you don't have to worry worry worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean well podcast and many many many more platforms. You can you can you can also make money from your podcast podcast podcast and everybody okay you know loves making more money. So go download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and hi and hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your your your host to read and okay like I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to to to help you on your spiritual well um and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and and and meditation teacher a student okay I mean of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner practitioner practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person you know you know. I want I I I want I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you you you to okay okay grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode episode episode today. We okay okay will be doing meditation together which will ground you down down down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a a a heart so you know to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck neck neck. It's okay. It's the like um first shot. I say I say I say we roll roll roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, okay I mean except it's live live live to neck. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's about it. I got it live to to to neck okay okay live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode episode episode. This well like may be a train wreck. It may be like if it it it is we're just um uh gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the the the train hit us - so um oh man. I'm just I'm just I'm just saying go with with with the flow of things the flow well um of the train. Hitting our bodies great start start start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going what's going what's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, so you know welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I I I ruined I ruined I ruined the uh uh entire. I did not we we we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you know um you. Welcome Welcome Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its um so so so most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast podcast podcast you know well. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a there's a a a there's a lot of a lot you know like of setup work that that that we have to do in order to make a uh well tournament work. So So So I'm so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we you you you know so do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and greetings and greetings greetings greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in in in the same team um um record membership number in March will we during the Australian Australian Australian by the end so so of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? one one What do we so I mean want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two two two and a fantastic win um so against last year's premiers the crows in the the the AFL. W we wwe wwe discuss this and more okay like on the blue bag bag bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here I'm here I'm here um um um so with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really really really um okay good. Thank you thank you thank you apologies that we're releasing this this this a few days later than we would like well have liked. I actually had a a a bit of a vacation early early you vacation like you know. So this is the the the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David David David Starr co-ack. Well, well like yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is is is he? All right all right all right like well. So how so how so so so how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked talked talked over the well you know yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, know, know, obviously there's good moments and okay well bad moments, but overall, it's been just all all all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed uh well the most? I guess one one one thing that I've you know kind of felt um uh happy about is like, you you you know people, you know accepting me for who I so well am because yeah, you you you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven seven seven to real estate investor here okay so. Just want to give a shout shout shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I mean uh I'm not computer computer computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, like so what what what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest okay okay okay okay thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So So So download the so uh free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get started. Take care um like. In this in this in this episode we have have have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire. I like I mean am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind mind mind because it's story time. Welcome to welcome to welcome to well you know the first season season season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences well well that shape our our our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story okay okay okay you know or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire at gmail.com. This is I mean um an independently run podcast. If you like like like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're uh uh uh we're uh we're uh I mean going with day one. The Tuesday first race of of of the day of the meeting is like uh a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've We've We've got shishkin at five to two you know you know Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra Abracadabra Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last uh so so so 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed confirmed confirmed to be like um riding him on the day. Two main Market while I I I was issued in a stirring you know like for lunch. They probably deserve to be up up up there because they've got probably the best so um form of all the horses horses horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And uh um again asking asking asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed like uh uh uh two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a a a okay uh heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, season, season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum uh okay bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We got like okay a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking talking talking about the Desi strong game well well of new polls versus st. Joe's there's there's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has so well ended up getting the W girls girls girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna um like win win win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So So So okay uh stay tuned to find out who would might be and then then then we're going to uh well end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really really really excited about the season coming so uh up and we just wanted to talk about that that that a little bit. Bit, so so you know I hope you guys enjoy. All All All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose so like had a long week week week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls well like on Saturday. And And And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now I mean you know know know today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and and and night toothbrushing uh I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the inside outside well so and chewing side each tube tube tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've you know okay talked about a heroic heroic heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari uh I mean. Maathai the woman who started started started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a well um country in in in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full like I I I mean of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon I mean mean mean well that would change. Switch or switch or switch or brushing to the other side of of of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that okay okay okay okay I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of of of um like the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some some some of the sanity to the uh okay conversation about this this illness in sort of of of the electronic discourse that goes About you know so it to try to just seal fact fact fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right I mean so now in the the the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response so so already already already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this hey, this hey, this is David. It's me, it's me, it's me, John John John and it's me Alec and welcome back I mean you know to another episode episode episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going we're going we're going to get into into into a bunch of well I mean topics including our first topic which is Spam Spam Spam calls and we got all sorts of you know like stuff here spam calls from different parts parts parts of the country. If you know what like well I'm picking up, we're discussing discussing discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia well so class class class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to so so so okay them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously is just like okay messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when when when I got my first spam I mean I mean collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with with with well um us today. We got a great show. Look at look at look look look at Marathon trials review plenty of um uh stuff to preview. But first but but but first but first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier so like and and and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it you know well well well on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah yeah yeah. Hey okay well guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right Right Right now. We're at okay okay track me where the track office not really supposed to to to be got some um you know audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was was was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a so you you you know hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed missed missed that okay I mean so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie camaraderie camaraderie in that room was okay you know through the roof. We had just about over over over a hundred people in one room, which like I mean was probably a fire fire fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number uh uh uh okay one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody so anybody so so so anybody could win and there were okay well Current objects of pleasure. I I I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is you know uh safe for for for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects you know know know so to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on on on the well you know watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped dropped dropped Plymouth state funded money like um on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting counting counting down you know um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today Today Today. We're going back to 1991 uh you know when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson Tyson Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged uh I mean with the sexual assault assault assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking well um sports sports sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special like like like well. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a in in in a in a Las Vegas gym you know so on September 10th 1991 world champion champion champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his okay okay fists landed with rhythmic rhythmic rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are well well well uh talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But But But also quarter um like extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance importance importance uh so of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So So So Fern first you know well question I have for you is when were you first first first introduced to the concept? out well um of quarter extremity the book definition of it at at at the level 1 course, um so however physically introduced to it probably day day day one is an athlete like as a okay um little kid kid kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type you know know know you know of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is is is so you know probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today in this you know like episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story story story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer with so you know British descent and and and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri like so so so. I found I found I found the story in an old book of mine and and and there is you know like something about the way he write his story. These These These the way he brings characters to uh you know life. I am personally a big big big fan of his writings and today you gonna well um sit back relax unwind yourself yourself yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you all you all you have to know today is that you have have have everything that you need to well um get to the other side of today everything that that that has happened up till now everything that you've you know you know experienced your values your your your belief everything that makes you you will get you through you know well today, today, today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% 2% 2% I mean um back yourself and know that today is your day. This is this this this is this is your everyday positivity. My like like name is Kate Kate Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow I mean um with with with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday everyday everyday so well positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so so so much well I mean for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this this this episode and that okay like you choose to listen today. I've had had had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll I mean you know be able able able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is well okay okay okay something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the like like like like very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social social social media like so for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back back back on another you know so podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I I I was training for the London I mean like marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, wow, wow, this guy is crazy like what he well I mean has achieved. I was was was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today today today we have got you know like in the studio very special. Guests welcome to to to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate uh um club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's He's He's finally here. Finally where finally where finally where we mentioned. It would it would would would it would name well well dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we we we have and I mean I mean I've been up to him a couple couple couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything I mean so you don't like like like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm I'm trying I mean uh to pretend I'm not okay. We've had we've had we've we've we've had a lot of trouble getting this like okay podcast episode set up up up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person okay okay okay you know and that I feel like our audio is always a little off off off and you well well guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to to to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have you know you know to get two separate separate separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me you know uh uh uh. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter you you you know well podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to to to me and Miss well like thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was what was what was that dude? I don't know. What the the the fuck was that it's not like uh like something fun was vibrant. What's up? up up Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the so well filthy garage or or or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, it's cold as uh okay fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy nippy nippy I'm nippy I'm nippy as fuck what um well your balls are small. I mean mean mean is that because it's cold or is that well like just because your balls are small small small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's uh so like what's up? Welcome back back back. My ball my ball my ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I I I like I like I like uh like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole stole stole it from my sister. Oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself yourself yourself your okay like children and your partner. We are we are we are going going going to give you tips and strategies to create so um peace and authenticity within within within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer I mean mean mean um writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I I I um you know am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four four four kids ages 11 9 5 okay so & 3 we inhale a This amount of books books books and life tools and distill the like um information for you are awesome listeners. Let's Let's Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody uh okay. I have a high five and that that that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from from from okay you know. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director director director at cnx leading a well like team of talented creative designers and producers. He's He's He's worked at agencies all over the um I mean world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before before before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly okay I mean in New York and and and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a you know I mean fine fine fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host okay okay okay okay from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from from from our like I mean conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he he he was young like okay. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene scene scene and we all know who you know so he is, which is Michael Jordan and and and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're You're You're not a um well horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does does does that? I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna you know um go finger the the the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode okay okay of officially unofficial. Hello Hello Hello and welcome back. My name my name my name is Nat and my my my name okay I mean is Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction attraction attraction. Are they hot you know like or are you just desperate? How was your day? My My My day was very boring. How uh so was yours? I was also very boring boring boring but for very I assume very different um okay reasons. So I was summoned to to to jury duty today. Not sure how much like like I can talk about but but but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat texting well you know and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our our our phones. I do a I mean so lot of live videos, of course for My My My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you so uh listen to them some of y'all y'all y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then so you know move on or whatever whatever whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered okay uh Snapchat. Okay, Okay, Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and and and uh uh that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for for for real. It's pushing it I mean uh. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where where where we try okay okay to help with your you love with your day lemmas lemmas lemmas and try to make life I mean I mean a better place for you you you over to live in and stuff like sets so like and shit from dickhead boys, boys, boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain McClain McClain streaming live on like uh YouTube. We are we are we are dumb money. Good Good Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson well well joined with Chris Chris Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and uh like look who just just just popped on. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, hey, hey, how's okay like it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing doing doing this this special um I mean broadcast. We normally don't do a live live live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk okay so about Robin Hood. It's a company company company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in okay I mean not as users users users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a like uh shares of of of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage okay okay that is kind kind kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied well I mean mean mean by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday Sunday Sunday like okay. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you you you know, we just like I mean want to be on the podcast. So So So here I am. He's helping I mean uh fill in today is doing and we had to to to our pour one out for okay uh the homies. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No so so. No, it's it's it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is there is is is there is okay um no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, why don't I you know like talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like like like we're gonna instead of carrying okay well you into your weekend. We're going to start going going going to start your week off you know you know right? Hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If If you if you if you well you know guys have not seen it yet Gigi Gigi Gigi just recently dropped an article on his you know like medium page and it's another another another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living like well organism. So let's let's let's go ahead and jump into the read like well and then we'll talk a a a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is I mean well surviving and and and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism well so. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here here here you know like to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after after after the demo for like um Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that that that which was the one with Drew you know so Brees on the cover. Okay, Okay, Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC so you know Championship Game the 2009 2009 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was um uh the game game game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you I mean okay okay okay play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose chose chose to be I mean so a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be be be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly okay uh because I have a a a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm I'm I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang so um today. I'm sharing with you about the the the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the um like fat unanimously cut the federal funds funds funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change okay you know in the us us us. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the like you you you know virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely surely surely way you know okay on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some some some time. This came earlier than well um scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we we we said about the FED well you know being cornered in to a 50 basis point point point cut by market. The question that remains I mean like is where will the the the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance like so Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look like okay okay okay to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan and and and I'm going to read Psalm you know well 16 today. This is another Psalm Psalm Psalm of David. Preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me O God for in the do um um um um I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art Art Art my Lord. I have I have I have well like no good be be be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are so so so okay the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be you know know know okay multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood blood blood. I I mean like will not offer nor take their names upon my my my lips. The Lord the Lord the Lord is the okay uh portion of of of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen Fallen Fallen I mean I mean unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly goodly goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The I mean I mean Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup winner. Saskia so okay Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's yesterday's yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not you know well annoyed. I'm annoyed I'm annoyed annoyed annoyed I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? up up okay well Everybody? We're actually we're actually we're actually joined by a very special special special guest today. We've got the Athletics like so goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining joining joining us all the way from Sweden. What is well so up dude? How are you? you you I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be I mean okay Back, you know, know, know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody you you you know well to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to to to Sweden so well to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's What's What's your theory? you know like Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where a well um person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a a a traumatic event well like or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed succeed succeed. It's one of um well the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there and and and there and there was a study they did well uh with two mice. They They They had they had they had one mouse in a cage where they gave it you you you know I mean a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the the the other Mouse when like I mean they gave the shock to it. There was there was was was there was a lever that it could you know okay hit where it could get out out out of the cage. The interesting the interesting the interesting thing about that I mean mean mean like is after repeatedly doing this test. They took they took they took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick quick quick well um shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening listening listening you know so to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me me me want to so like start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to to to get this one I mean uh off the ground. He know me. I had a a a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like well I mean how do I record an an an episode? How do how do how do I get my show into well I mean mean mean like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make make make money from okay so my podcast? Well, I well, I well, I got the answer answer answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very like well simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a a a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and um okay distributing your podcast and you ain't ain't ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all it's all it's all free okay um um um. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the well like app I'm using it is definitely the easiest easiest easiest one to use it's free and there's you know uh creation tools straight in the the the app that allow you to edit your podcast I mean well from your phone phone phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and okay okay okay you know many more without having to do anything which is great and you can can can make money from okay well the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great great great man. You gotta grind um okay you got to get to where you're going going going. So it's everything you need to do well like all one place and to download download download the app go to anchor on the App Store um well anchored on FM FM FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo I mean I mean yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to to to my man. Everything in everything in everything in uh I mean YG's podcast podcast podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing keep doing doing doing keep doing what you're doing like I mean man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep Keep Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea how we uh okay do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use use use the anchor dot f m-- recording well um platform super easy distributes our podcast podcast podcast too many many different platforms. There's um I mean creation tools to allowed you you you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or you know you you you know a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor anchor anchor app uh well to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master Master Master jigs when so I mean in doubt get the jig out use promo code code code pmf 22 save 20% off your I mean you know jig order. Welcome to the paddle paddle paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment I mean okay with with with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this this this episode. I'm going like you know to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so so so stick around to hear more about this juicy okay okay stuff. Do you want want want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy you know um sexual sexual sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual sexual sexual Kung-Fu so uh podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Sexual Sexual Energy to magnetize um okay your ideal life. So there's a bit of a a a myth in our I mean well world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent extent extent of a man's sexual capacity like so. That's that's that's that's that's that's the the the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves like like like so him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, you know, you know, we we we have The Stereotype of the well uh man who finishes having sex this this this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't he can't he can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is cabana cabana cabana is cabana is all about uh like living your life with intention each week. I'll I'll I'll be featuring someone who inspires okay uh me and lives each day with with with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening like I mean you two will will will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins I I I mean so with you. With me with me with me in the studio today and and and by Studio, of course, uh you know I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy Breezy Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always I always I always say your okay okay okay um name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like okay okay okay okay Madonna. Okay old okay old okay old like Madonna that's fair to to to like how many people really know well you know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony Tony Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that like I mean because it's like mine. Go Go Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name my name my my my name is Sean Gerber so I mean joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? Paul Paul I'm getting over being sick so like and just getting over being sick. I'm fine fine fine. But just it's weird being sick and uh um trying to recoup its its its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed the right way. I'm headed headed headed so well the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking asking asking. I'm glad okay okay you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon patreon patreon exclusive shows over the weekend like okay or Friday night and you were sounding a little little little rough. But at least you know, you know okay you stuck it out for for for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they you know uh appreciate so so so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make well I mean mean mean sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing I mean mean mean you know a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you you you are uh well doing very very well. Good job, good job, good job, but but but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to okay I I I mean upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What What What is I mean so it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make make make a podcast really so well, first you know um of all, it's completely free free free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are you know I mean mean mean we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a a a ways to do like uh things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation creation creation tools allow you to record and I mean uh edit your podcast right from from from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? I mean mean mean like It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it? um um um well um well um well Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it it it out so I can well okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch bunch more places. You don't have to uh okay do anything but post it to Anchor Anchor Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money uh like off of it? Yeah, you you you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership um like. You can can can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome like so so so. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast podcast podcast you know so in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let you let you let you know like me explain. It's a proof. There are are are certain tools that allow you to record so well and edit your podcast, right you're you're you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute well uh your podcast for you. So it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many okay okay more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership. It's everything like so you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage marriage marriage a scary proposition um uh last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving involving involving arranged marriage in the first uh I mean experience. The two parties are are are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him you know I mean that that that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the like like like so girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got got got married, uh so but within a month my friend found out that she was was was still in touch with well uh her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and and and asked he filed for so so divorce right away. Such experience has made made made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to well I I I mean be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to to to so so become more masculine to determine your fate. And the and the and and and the reason why I feel that this um uh is such an an an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to like okay actually control their their their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way uh I I I mean they're in control of what they would like and as a a a man this is okay well important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness happiness happiness. And not only that like well if you want to become a man of of of value so that way other men so so or other people in general general general can lean on you. You're going to have to well like learn this. So here's here's here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention um uh span, span, span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to to to okay well five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this this this video you know so might take me a little bit to explain so so so grab a pen grab a paper okay you know. If you can't take five to to to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring I I I mean like this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and and and Daniel fintan in well well the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm I'm I'm good I'm good I'm good feels a I mean so bit lonely to be be be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously you know I mean mean mean we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due so so so um respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill spill spill krob not quite uh like to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest guest guest but we had our so well first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was was was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last um I mean week, and if you you you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want I I I mean okay to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down down down. So myself and so so Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so so so we got our first uh I mean contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ready is ready ready ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine okay um to nine. 9:7 9:7 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will will will tell well okay you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on on on death row who will probably I mean well die of old age before actually seeing an an an execution on March second 1984 a so you know man was convicted for a a a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this like um man man man wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did not not want to grow grow grow old in so I mean prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if if if you like your coffee I mean I mean hot, but your bones chilled sit back back back and start your day with a morning okay uh cup of murder. Edmund Edmund Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most like so of his life in in in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher it's parent-teacher conferences here like so at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I I I would go around and do something well like special a little bit different going to to to go around and ask random teachers so like if they want to answer answer answer a question that my students have written. I'm going uh uh to pull a question question question out of the grab bag. It's going it's going it's going to IAM okay okay okay like impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers uh uh uh well. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let let let you know that tomorrow I mean I mean. We have another official guest and I I I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on uh so between two Blue Devils Devils Devils. This individual this individual this individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share share share well well with you is unbelievable. So you so you so you want to make make make sure you tune in this weekend. Make I mean you know sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of uh well wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a like um professor of philosophy at the City College of New New New York, and I will I mean okay guide you through this reading In season season season 4 episode 461 would reflect on I mean uh C. So the film was 342 the the the mere fact that people endure the same pain okay I mean more easily when they voluntarily voluntarily voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then well I mean when when when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let okay like me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to to to you know uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and covid distribute your podcast well well for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh uh can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you uh you know need to make podcasts in in in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo uh um the FM FM FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing okay well into the Earth Earth Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long okay okay okay um. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake I wake I wake up up up in the bedroom was filled you know like with the tangible manifested manifested manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we we think you know well teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources resources resources for their classrooms visit teach startercom you know okay. To make your classroom Buzz Buzz Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is uh well not for little ears ears ears if you've got kids with you save this listening um uh goodness for later later later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian um okay who inspires inspires inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow I mean mean mean okay him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday Friday Friday fun. He's well um with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I I I am here with uh you know this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you you you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the jam uh okay cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's what's what's happening? like I mean Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You You You know, are you know um we in the ether as a they were up there there there on the cloud as uh so inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice nice nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's very nice you know okay okay okay. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community community community. We need to well I mean actually move on and get better. And how and and and how and how do we do that? We do we do we do that well uh uh uh by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or or or uh um learn in life. And if and if and if you're in pain, then then then that means you can learn something okay like from the pain. Welcome to smog top small small small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain plain plain okay um sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature caricature caricature. It's the so I mean infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to to to hear more urban legends like well check out our haunted places feed on Spotify Spotify Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only like um episodes of urban legends every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due um you know to the graphic nature of of of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes uh well descriptions descriptions descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children well well well okay under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy enjoy enjoy little Teen Wolf well well or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And And And this well um is understanding Edge. It's been it's been it's been a a a pretty crazy week and a half in the like like markets. We reached out last last last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as uh well well as fixed fixed fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be well well well um beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss discuss discuss what I mean like he saw over the last week and a half half half thoughts on the um I mean FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed headed headed and what we're looking to okay uh do in this type of volatile environment environment environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you thank you thank you very much so like like like and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the like like S&P S&P S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going you you you know uh to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming gaming gaming and fucking well so dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a a a bit. Sorry. It will not sure you know uh about blur if he sounds pissed pissed pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay like so. Fuck I'm pissed off my my my fucking we record this from songs on the first well you know time. It It It was it was it was only to the second point. So it it it was 14 minutes and I okay like like to do before. Yeah, fuck your your your login as well. I hope it doesn't you know like do that. I could just start start start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I mean okay I'm gonna gonna gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down the okay uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling traveling traveling back like okay to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for for for intentionally losing games I mean like to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that that that would rock college like okay basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in right here every day to like like our March Madness special. Listen free listen free free free listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st march march march 1st march 1st okay okay 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the the the Chrysler Center went wild so so the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 81 81 264. None of the Northwestern you know okay players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud proud proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie um well Perry. I'm a a a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder I I I mean well of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love I love love love I love helping people overcome I mean uh anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and and and stress, please join us each week as we um well share real sessions with with with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing okay well with anxiety OCD mood disorders disorders disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like sounds like and feels feels feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their um I mean biggest fears and find that that that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a so you know rich full and and and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to uh you know know know find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards well well well like areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, boy, 2010, boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden broaden broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for so so 20 years old sound He-Man He-Man He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take you know so month unless unless unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you know know know you know you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to to to my boy yesterday okay uh for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing thing thing from a wise doctor. Why do why do why do you well I mean say say say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure structure structure um uh you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not not not believe so like in that door? Obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions it it it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is you you you know okay the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is is is how I like you know first got started with the podcast and it's it's it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an it's an it's an so like app app app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a I mean uh uh uh creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your phone so you know or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so so so incredibly easy so I mean uh it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work uh um literally got distribute it to to to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading okay so my first first first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no um uh uh uh minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine wine wine place. If you like so guys want to get started making a podcast or or or have an amazing idea download the um you know free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys like okay. I am am am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this and this and this is your your your everyday positivity on Vale okay uh. I was scrolling through Facebook the other other other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder you know okay song as the best best best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did you know well for for for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of of of okay well all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, mean, mean, first you know okay of all when you come up with a song lyric like like like that, you've got you know like to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in in in need of Love Today um so and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and and and I love sitting and listening to well you know it the message on it. Is that Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love today? We need like like to give the love back to to to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle well well and I wanted to get get get you to consider that you can apply this to okay you know lots of things in your your your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the you know uh uh uh paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my my my gosh, we you know so are actually making books and when you think about this, this, this, this is really a um so mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school school school to people but this is well like really one of those life skills that that that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better well you know off if if if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly so you know know know. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making uh uh uh okay those books. We need we need we need more books in the the the world. All our all our all our books are disappearing okay well and it's it's it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a well well record anymore anymore anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I I I mean so. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but but but well you know not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up up up with you know I mean. There's no money to put into it. So you're you're you're just doing it and if it works you know well out great, you keep doing doing doing it at no cost but there was no money uh I mean out of your pocket, pocket, pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to so okay go with with with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um so so so right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast you know know know so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many uh well more and you can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. I have not like like found that any other podcast Creator and it's really really really everything you need to make you know um a podcast in one place download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And And And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked um um to an interesting person at a a a bit of pop culture was important when they I mean okay were young Our Guest Guest Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I uh I uh uh uh I uh you know wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, Hello, Hello, welcome to the okay I mean show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you you you think I'm interesting like Seriously you know like start with a compliment their jazz jazz jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in okay okay real real real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it so so so uh was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going going going to um like talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about you you you know well talking to you about money. But not but not but not just money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love uh like Theology and health because I believe that that that wealth is not just about how you know so much money you you you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal like like like okay life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff stuff stuff uh you know. I get so many questions from people as I travel travel travel the world helping. Some I mean you know VIP. So this is our time for us us us to be together and for you know uh me to answer your questions. So here here here we go dear Lynn. I have been in so okay a committed relationship for for for 15 years. We talked we talked we talked about marriage. He's actually more so so so okay vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I okay so so so see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I promise I promise promise promise I am genuinely happy okay so for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor five of um I mean the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is is is Jeff Wilson by um so day. I invest in tech companies and at night I I I invest in sports car. Please. Join me so I mean on my journey to profit profit profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors uh you know and welcome welcome welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to I I I mean like tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and and and there so well are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to to to tell you know I mean you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My My My name is um uh Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We We We have a wonderful guest you know um on the episode today to talk all things things things Orlando city. And of course okay so all things RSL about the game that we we we just witnessed. We have Adam. How like so you doing today? Adam? I'm doing I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday okay you know. I I I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have hey, have hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know, when I began like um my podcast, I've been searching for for for so long. What kind of host how to do okay okay it in general when when when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so so um much so so so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, uh like you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting started started started podcasting started podcasting few like you know days ago and you must try this this this. If you are looking at doing well I mean a podcast yourself, why don't you try try try it, you know as for me I can always I mean okay say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release like like like okay for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget forget forget I forget I forget the choreography I mean well and I don't even even even think about it being a workout. I just listened to okay so the songs and and and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in okay um the shower when when when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training you know um gym, gym, gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, like like like I mean but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work work work out I mean um. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or or or lyrics or stand well um out all these musical landmarks will come up and and and you don't know what um well that's going to be or when it will will will be but it just happens um well after you listen to it for for for a while and then when you actually then go you know uh right let's let's let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and like like like I mean you teach your already naturally in the music. So those so those so so so those little moments that your son um so or little hit movement or shoulder shoulder shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around around around issues related to I mean I mean pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can can can restore Health to our soil our environment our um I mean bodies and the rural rural rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in okay you know know know hell. I thought I thought I thought we should start by digging into the the the farm crisis of the well uh 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated concentrated concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both um um farmers and consumers and there's there's there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe uh I mean has has has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been he's been he's been a farmer farmer farmer a soldier and like so attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri Missouri Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri I mean uh Senate before serving a term as as as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to to to just tell you uh well a little bit about anchor it's the app that I I I use to record well um my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free free free. There. Are these really awesome creation so okay tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your so um phone or your computer and anchor distribute your your your podcast for you. So you can hear you know uh it on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make you know I mean money from from from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just I I I mean okay really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place place place. So I find it okay okay really useful and accessible and really helpful helpful helpful. You can you can you can download the free anchor app or well I mean go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just um um um um like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your your your uh well own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for for for the next 30 minutes like um. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your your your host Rick Hughes. Good like I mean morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your your your host Rick Hughes and um um for the next few minutes. You have you you you have you have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes uh okay of motivation some some some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some just some just some teaching from from from okay um the word of God that will help you verify and identify the the the plan of I mean uh God for your life if you'd like to know that and if if if you want so well to orient and just to the plan then you can can can do so you have well so freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God God God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let uh you know me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow you to record okay so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and covid distribute your well okay podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast like you know and many more you can make money from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship like uh is everything you need to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or like you know know know good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This This This Is wealth talk like well. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but but but not just money wealth means wisdom I mean um expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health because I believe that wealth is not just well well about how much money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony uh well in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name you you you know you know is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin moanin moanin and we hear talk I mean um about something that is kind of alien alien alien to me. I am I am I am not very I'm very uh like informed on on on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen so okay tell tell tell me something. Have you have you have you watched Pokmon? Yes here here here on there. Yes, you washed like okay Beyblade. Yes, and it was a a a culture. Where back where? I when I when we like well grew up so we we we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 um um let it it it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic uh um moment moment moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids well like like like. They just don't realize it. So it's so it's so it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and and and Doraemon Shin-chan like you know Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from from from like uh modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister minister minister at st so okay. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name name name is Ana Fuentes. I'm you I'm you I'm you know like the youth Minister as as as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance well well. I'll I'll I'll be I'll be I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode episode episode for you today like you know. It's very special. We we haven't posted posted posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm like I'm like I'm like uh due due due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts uh uh uh like were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of of of so like the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't don't don't have a guest you know you know this week, but we're going to talk all things things things lent. We're going to do some like so things that are a little different different different from what we usually do on a uh well podcast and it switch it it it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode like okay of you're you're you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual spiritual spiritual uh well principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner Gardner Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke okay so. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side side side of successful with easy to understand scientific like so research. So you can walk away away away with practical tools to create radical transformations in uh like your life. Let's Let's Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new okay well well well guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is is is like well a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens happens happens to you know uh be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun fun fun episode. Oh, yeah uh uh. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the the the topic of forgiveness um um. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well uh uh uh you know is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, Hey, Hey, we're live. How's everybody going um you know after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks thanks thanks give thanks give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing like like like um bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog dog dog. Hey, guys, I mean um how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in in in this is the what would you you know you know have to show when when when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still okay like sick and and and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my like so so so feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's you know know know uh wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby okay okay okay uh. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for for for estheticians so I mean. And those and those and those who seek to learn learn learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective I mean I mean. We're diving diving diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in you you you know so separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to to to the treatment room well okay. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with with with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess and um I mean I I I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would we we we would we would I mean like love to answer for you guys so we can ensure ensure ensure we're answering the like uh questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So So So uh I mean today we are going to be having a very special guest on on on well okay which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not not not the first my um like daughter Carly will be on later on talking to to to us today because we have stumbled like okay. On this article that I received through through through a Facebook message and this article was well like on America's kids belong and and and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I I mean mean mean you know have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 36 36 36 36. Yes. What makes well well you podcast? This episode this episode this episode were were were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and you know you you you know the video as well as the falling music video which came out today um um um um as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're like we're we're we're like we're like like just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite favorite favorite thing to do and we well you know have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a okay okay okay I mean music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians musicians musicians uh you know that I think are doing really cool things right now and and and ask them questions about you know I mean all the really cool things. They're doing they're they're they're doing they're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking um so about about about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to to to the so you know music that we do welcome back to we live in in in a music Society. I so well am so so excited for this episode episode episode. So I'm going to get to call one of well um my favorite musicians. He's He's He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made with um I mean only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear schmear schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your okay I mean morning Bagel. Now where now now now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate debate debate I mean well the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since 1872 Philadelphia okay like schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name name name is Chris Ryan. I'm um um joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman Sherman Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day um okay for Holiday to be during during during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day the three-day the three-day weekend is an uh I I I mean inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week week week for uh well Roger at the government. The government the government the government government government has thrusted all of our holidays on to you know okay Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I I I well um have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about about about starting so so your very own podcast? What now? You can you can can can you can with this really cool app called anchor uh okay FM best part of of of this app is that it's totally free. There's a there's a there's a creation creation creation you know so tool that allows you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or your um well computer. Anchor will also also also distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard heard heard on you know okay Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money from your podcast I mean um with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you you you need you need in a podcast in one place uh so. So make sure you guys guys guys check it out because anchor FM is what type like okay in hat. Get ready, you're you're you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely okay you know teeth teeth teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom um so. / / / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney uh uh uh okay plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on on on Twitter by well I mean at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a a a black suit with I mean so the green and gold that is a dead dead dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that okay well was circulating not not not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's like like exactly exactly exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll we'll we'll I mean you know be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child child child and Lady versions of well uh loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, fact, fact, he's changed his form uh okay quite a few times after being brought back back back to them dead. And it and it and it looks like so like we're we're we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we uh uh uh um might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you are you are you excited excited excited about the upcoming series? Let us know so okay what you'd like to see see see in the comments and be sure to hit that well okay like button and subscribe subscribe subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over okay well to Marvel Marvel Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here right here right here on the popcorn popcorn popcorn talk like you know and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing I mean so show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little little little circles with I mean okay your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines heroines heroines week where every day we talk I mean okay about heroic women who changed history tonight tonight tonight. We have the story of the warrior okay um Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was was was part of the royal family that ruled over well um the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country country country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti uh so people had many riches but there there there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up up up with your boy Anthony? It's going on uh um and show Paul took one sec. Hey, Hey, Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its like well Eli and Welcome to our our our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying okay well to get it started started started the podcast came about with just an idea one night so um and decided decided decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we like uh are. So So So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every okay I I I mean weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our our our uh I mean group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community community community huge shout you know well out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm I'm I'm already I'm already I'm already over night. Yes. We're so well basically famous. Right? Well, Well, Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and and and um okay then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in you know know know um a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders murders murders. It's a uh you know cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you you you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want you know okay to listen to to to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and you know know know you know True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in in in True Crime. On I mean you know Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 like I mean on this day in 1972 Kim Kim Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa um you know. California was was was california was california was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We We We are back with back um so baby after a lengthy break there by eight eight eight about two minutes. We've been going to be uh uh a Christmas break. We're gonna gonna gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one I mean uh back back back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have well you know no no no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then then then so I mean we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know know know. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be completely uh I mean honest with you you you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we uh uh felt a a a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a um okay okay okay lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what you know well Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which which which is what we all wanted like I mean by the end of it. I I I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies well I mean. I die. Most Most Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day 90 day 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy rainy rainy day podcast what is going on? I um uh need a fam we're back back back for another day another week some more than 90 so okay uh welcome back back back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode okay so so so like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu Sonu Sonu like I mean. I know I know I know and I know there's some I I I love okay so off the top as you know okay usual Betsy has given Charles Charles Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, um like I got some some some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional devotional devotional I mean like where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live live live with. Hope like okay in Jesus. Second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians Chapter 4 4 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose heart. Though I though I though I I I mean so our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed well well well so day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal eternal eternal weight um well of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that that that are seeing um well but to the things that are unseen for the things things things that are seen are I mean uh transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like okay um um um. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay okay okay so a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, fact, fact, it well okay can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast uh like right from your phone or your computer computer computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have okay well been completely made on on on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So um like it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would I mean okay download download download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't you don't you don't need a a a minimum listenership in order like I mean to Make money from your podcast anger anger anger will sell the ads for you you record the you know um ones that that that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need like okay to make make make a podcast all in one place. So if so if so if you've always wanted wanted wanted to like uh start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you you you do download the uh you know free anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor okay I I I mean for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All All All right, this I mean uh is free. Okay, first okay, first okay, first and foremost, not not not only that but their creation tools that I mean okay allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer I mean okay. Anchor will will will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on you know uh Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool okay okay okay like tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to okay okay okay okay help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you you you so I mean to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's everything like I mean that you need to make a podcast all in one place place place. So if you're I mean so interested in doing something like this, you know, know, know, go download the free anchor okay I mean app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to Started and and with so like that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA like well Galaxy. I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right right right here. So yeah, so what you know you know up? What up? And Spenny and and and Spenny and Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like like like them. Anyway, like well when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on top well you know and Blake all good. So today we are recording the the the first episode of the podcast I mean I mean that we've been talking about recording recording recording for at least two or three months. He like uh has smelt a long long long story short may not going to be in touch for like I mean mean mean a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road so so so well and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help help help a uh uh few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into um um um uh action. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct byproduct byproduct so well of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is is is a I mean you know very valuable form to do. So, so first of of of all, we're just going um um to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to to to know us that more about who you um well actually listened to and then then then down the line move very much want to delve uh okay into some of those those those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal I mean like introduction introduction introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here here here you know well. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We We We find like okay lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call call call them modern-day Parables okay okay. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or or or some high quality water and you know I mean join us for this week's week's week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by I mean well Casey and some some some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part so so so um of our family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're part of our family. Now, you're you're you're part of our you know so family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're you're you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our like like family family family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank thank thank uh well you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes okay uh. Hello. I have I have I have two questions that I'm I'm I'm pretty much already know the answer so you know to but I'm going going going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better like you know than to to to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it well like like like just to hear it. Sometimes they sometimes they sometimes they call it your name name name and my thoughts. Do uh you know you ever hear me every time? Now that's funny funny funny you got in it that well well far. My question my question my question was sometimes sometimes sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen uh like like like to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a premium um I mean account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable imaginable imaginable topic plus you can like you know follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss an episode premium users can download um like episodes to listen to offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with so so your your your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure you know so to to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in okay I mean the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never never never miss an episode so okay of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily episode 950 uh like and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show show show. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another I mean you know special Friday edition of of of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, and yes, yes, yes, and yes, so so I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my my my coach because I so uh had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting parenting parenting and how hard it so I mean can be sometimes and I realized I I I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern so uh of just beating myself up in in in a really unhelpful. A way, away, away, which I um like know better than than than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and uh uh uh okay it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me me me so I mean okay very profound and the shift that it has created since since since then has been so like well powerful that he just knew that I had to to to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm Parker you know so link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies movies movies and brainstorming title um I mean ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured figured figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy I mean okay too. As we we we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some okay okay okay okay kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us us us with we uh like got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what what what that's what that's what we're rocking as the beverage of you know so the the the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on on on this like okay night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Lego Lego Masters. So background so background so background on Lego Masters, it like so was we watching watching watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one uh you you you know might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with you know so Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built built built it's built it's built to help um so you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll you'll you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart I mean you know and then then then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is well I mean mean mean Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader um um um um. Nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bearings bearings bank and for okay you know cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be be be remembered as the man who single-handedly so you know caused the collapse of of of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't you don't you don't have time to study for for for boards, okay um but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr Dr Dr. Bradley is here to okay so help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor professor professor at a Medical University covers I mean um one to two board relevant microorganisms each day day day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover um uh all the important facts for an an an infectious agent and at least one original board so I mean style question for the the the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need so so so so to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm I'm I'm your hearts uh I mean Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life life life coach and I hope okay I mean women to harness the power of their their their period and connected FM has blood in this episode I mean you know. We'll We'll We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex so I mean business business business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our you know know know okay heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and and and drink uh well bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit shit shit that people like well are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you you you didn't already see basically I had to uh okay leave my apartment in in in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but like so basically what what what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like well I I I mean subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and and and then I mean um they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only the only the only one that is allowed to talk and that's that's that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I I mean well had a first exploratory exploratory exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she uh okay just like got got got right and did not try to get to know me at all well I mean mean mean was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was you know know know so like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got got got 48 minutes um uh. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly truly truly. Yes got right well like down to business and I was like, I I I don't know. I guess I um I mean feel like I always need to to to be in control and she's like, is that okay I mean what you you you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess well well so, I don't don't don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk talk talk let's talk let's talk and learn about like like God's word life purpose values and and and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply I mean like on things things things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning you know know know um and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love much love much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want um um um so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast podcast podcast form um I mean. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and just put hashtag garyvee podcast um um with the W in there as as as well so I can see your feedback on like uh weekly B7. Please hit hit hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you you know well like listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom okay uh. Slash Slash Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience experience experience everybody um like really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's Let's Let's put let's put let's put in your well okay phone numbers. We're going to call somebody somebody somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your um so question and and and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome wildly wildly wildly like um accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes episodes episodes right? I you know I mean think so. I don't want to just let it it it sit here if I'm not using it, you know I mean but what's happening happening happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm um uh out. I I I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was so so so you know still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with with with me as most New okay uh Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking taking taking out the trash. Too warm All um um right. Someone's actually letting me me me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got almost got almost got killed by someone like so so so before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too um I I I mean hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money you know know know okay comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than than than I I mean um feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like like like if it's let's just say you know I mean like I was was was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or uh like 500 500 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it well well well okay out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why why why I don't know you know like how to put that stupid. Why do I I I feel that way? Why because you're comparing uh well yourself to the lifestyle of people people people that are way outside of our means uh so. Yeah. Welcome to the the the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz well uh love and I am am am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of um uh a a a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this and this and this is Clem and and and this is well okay gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how how how it goes. It's been well um a long time coming. We've been saying we're we're we're going to do it for a while now, but I mean so now we're starting starting starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is you know know know well is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into you you you know um this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks Kinks Kinks of it all well um it's going to be a long and and and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying yeah, trying yeah, trying to figure it out I mean you know know know. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry like so so so now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it it it down to Denver here soon. So excited so excited so excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I tina I tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but but but I would always date so like white guys until me until I'm at hartge until until until you saw this all of this and um so I gave all of my my my family a sigh of relief. What's up what's up what's up RG Jazz well well well like. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I I I okay well am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I woke up super early so so got a lot of work done one for for for a walk worked out did some I mean um fun stuff and now we're filming the the the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am like like I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been you know like like like sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just I just I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by okay okay okay um with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you how you how you you you doing today? - oh um you know for sure. You know how we were talking talking talking. Am I meeting right now? I so I mean just got home from the the the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on well uh some some some food. So I so I so I had to clear my throat kind of of of getting over sickness at okay I mean the Miller. But yeah, okay. So So So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy um um um I mean how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and and and I crack up I mean I mean because I am not tech savvy savvy savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly like uh recommend recommend recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on I mean well well well how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are uh okay okay okay free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out so so so so your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a a a podcast I mean I mean just download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get okay you know started that anchor ANC ANC ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast like I mean to to to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host host host I mean I mean honest him in Tove. Thank you thank you thank thank thank you so much for tuning in to this week's well uh episode episode episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello well, hello well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't haven't haven't we thought of like like a name yet? I was I was I was was was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last I mean okay name kind kind kind of lame. But but but but but but then I was told that people may may may think that breakfast I mean so at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you you you know, the actual restaurant program, I mean uh so I might do breakfast with with with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how we doing? I mean mean mean um How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help help help kind I mean uh of supplement my thoughts that I have on other other other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat uh you know Facebook Instagram. What have what what what have what have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food food food uh like and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me let me let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick so um um um coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine magazine magazine like well. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, company, company, but also I mean well is also a co-working space where people can come come come and even record here. We have like so a number of people who record here as as as well. Now if you are enjoying so um the content, Not that we're putting out out out whether it be about four games or so like let's coffee, which is is is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like like like this video click the the the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a so um lot. If you're you're you're if you're if you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, please so okay also do leave a comment if you can we would love love love to hear from you, uh well but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you do you do you own a business or have you been thinking about about about starting one? If so, um you know we're excited to share our free Guide Guide Guide to the 11 essential business tools that uh so successful entrepreneurs are using to to to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / like um create to access your your your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg uh you know. Forward Forward Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to um you know stop being being being so nervous. Hi. I was I was I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's so so so I mean fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller the youngest okay so son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on on on a catamaran off the like so southwestern coast of what is now New New New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim like like to shore, but he was was was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted 7:27 extorted 7:27 extorted extorted extorted okay like two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to to to an uncertain fate. These well so all have one thing in common, they're they're they're gone, but we're looking for them. And so like now we're working twice as hard hard hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to okay um our regular regular regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast uh uh uh so from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am I am I am am am your host pain you know uh Rosales and thank you for joining me again on on on an episode of Inside the Mind um I mean the show where we interview local local local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger well um acts in the future future future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a um well local band band band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say okay like which which which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? well um My My My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us us us okay you know on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig dig dig it. Yeah, well you know what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life Life Life is not that easy you know so. You need to keep her Smiles on but but but whether in your bed more targeted a uh I mean good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, all right, all right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just just just got done watching the well I mean 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena Elena Elena and man it was windy like I mean. It was super cold. We're going going going to get more into detail about that here soon. But so uh first a beer beer beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our our our guests I mean um Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? tonight tonight Doing pretty good like I mean. How are you? Good good, good good, good good, Connor, Connor, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I uh okay thanks for having me me me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is you know um the podcast podcast podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice so nice nice nice so nice so I mean little full-circle moment for the three of us us us to finally be able to do this um um and on such a such a a a high note. Note. So for so for so for those of like so you you you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll um um um um both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports Sports Sports basketball so I mean I mean Connor, why don't you just tell us a little little little bit about growing up and playing uh I mean for the blues with Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it uh uh back on my first first first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so you know know know I mean much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to to to listen to you taking like well the time to listen to me. And And And so I am grateful and I do not take well um the opportunity lightly lightly lightly. This podcast this podcast this podcast is actually airing a year to the the the day after a so okay really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was was was in a hard I mean like place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it it it really took that moment to Humble me um uh and for me to take a a a few steps back and really realize what are the I mean uh gifts that God God God has given me what has God given me to impact so um to make an an an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this okay this okay this this this passion for you know so politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor well well its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free. There's creation tools that like um allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer so um anchor will distribute our podcast for for for you. So it could be heard on you know I mean Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum like uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place place place. So download um you know the anchor app. For your phone or go to to to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, um um howdy there internet people let's bow bow bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about uh well President Reagan fear love and and and a science-fiction cliche. There's a there's a there's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am I am I I I am joined by uh you know Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David David David you have before. I know um like that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason reason reason but what this country well well needs is a king. Oh my God now listen listen listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need so well a monarch with absolute power. I'm not not not saying we need to go to like like some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system system system. But look but look but look at England right now how um um much better would would would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king so like like like for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king king king so uh. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime prime prime minister is like you know actually making the decision, right? So he's so he's he's he's so he's have a guy who's a guy or um I mean a gal whose whose whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and like um set set set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting uh okay okay okay your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is is is I mean okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let let let me let me explain it's free their creation so I mean tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your uh I mean phone or computer. They'll They'll They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard on so like Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from your podcast. No okay okay minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one place. So uh so uh so uh well download the free acre app app app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where I mean I mean you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal deal deal what like like scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and and and one of the foremost well well Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain explain explain it's free so so. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and and and edit your podcast right from uh okay your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you. So you can be I mean um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your you know like podcast with with with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one one one place I mean you know. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your do your do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome like well to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called called called. Was uh uh it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in in in Victoria BC our theme I mean I mean song that you just just just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check well like out out out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th you know know know I mean. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered you you you know like starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place place place I can't tell so like you how easy it was for me to start my my my podcast and get it up okay okay and running. Thanks to Anchor with a a a couple clicks of the button. I I mean I mean had my podcast out ready ready ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other you know you know platforms again again again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from okay um my computer. It It It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do uh you know know know it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me okay okay okay uh with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a a a better place uh so to start a podcast for a beginner for for for a pro. It doesn't matter again I mean okay. So download so download so so so download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well so to to to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can like uh go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's so let's so let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit okay okay okay I mean of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose Jose Jose here you know so. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of of of what this podcast uh I mean is going to be about. Each week and give you you you a chance to subscribe and get yourself well you know set up for the the the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher I mean like about seven seven seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening uh you know know know to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I I I thought why okay like don't I give you my thoughts and try and give give give you some tips and tactics I mean like to players who might be just just just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is this is this is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs Cubs Cubs and you're listening you know uh to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management uh I mean follow him on Twitter at at at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where uh uh you can record record record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can you can you can find well well well well the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast podcast podcast platforms like well Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for for for this thing you know like to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, met, met, my name is Adam um okay Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb comb comb. We are a fitness based community in North like so Spokane that does coach coach coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something so I mean that's that's that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to to to go. So well like here we go with episode. I want to talk a a a little bit about why I mean like we're doing this and what to expect and who who who it's for. So let's so uh get right into it. The why the the the why the why honestly it's because one of our values that we've you you you know you know always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half half half years old is to always I mean uh be improving. So I so so so I so I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am I am I am your host Sam and this is is is urban legends and other Dreadful uh okay Curiosities a podcast about urban legends legends legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as um I mean well. Hey guys, guys, guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and um well other other other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm I'm I'm your okay so host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow follow follow it you know so on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes comes comes out, you know? Yeah, well yeah, well yeah, well um just saying, I'm not gonna gonna gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode you know know know like of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina okay okay okay so to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world world world um well that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly particularly particularly this week in uh okay American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys guys guys are gonna like it well you know quick one always bullish bullish as always with our our our good friend Tina. This episode like like is brought to you by the cash cash cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a so well friend reach out to me me me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday well like. He was like, ah, ah, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you remember you remember you told me me me you know like download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said said said. It's you it's you it's you know okay the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He He He had to be refreshed his memory had like okay to be refreshed yesterday did a a a little video on my cell phone showing them um well how to buy Bitcoin. I I I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how how how to Hardscape podcast okay uh where we talk to you about how you can can can start and grow your hardscaping business you know you know and on on on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are okay like releasing releasing releasing an episode about marketing. We're going we're going we're going to be covering SEO SEO SEO for landscapers starting okay I mean a an SEO optimized website for your your your business and what you need to do to like um be able to track and Target Target Target keywords to show up as a Top of like you know search engine engine engine results. So without so without so without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into into into creating you know so a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something something something that I've I mean like been working on for the past 5 years at least least least now with creating websites and um like how two hearts keep was the next one one one in a series of websites like like that I've created and it's it it it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts on the like okay boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really really really do want to talk a you know so little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one one one moment. I have a script um so I will admit. So if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to like um make a podcast, let me me me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to um so record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute I mean um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple music um you know. A podcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many more you you you can make money from your podcast with you know you know no minimum listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place um like. Anyways, let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to the the the podcast is the boys again I mean um. We got been your host host host Ethan Patrick. And of and of and of course me. We're all the hosts so like like like. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we got we got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so good so uh and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that that that let you record and so uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to okay I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many more. So if you're looking to start your own uh so podcast look no no no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the I mean um happy happy happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my you you you know uh God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So So So I you know okay thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? guys guys It's it's Colton like uh Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, podcast, podcast, this is a podcast um uh where we just talk about things that that that are kind of cool to us or like so relevant. What's on the the the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to well um thank you you you all. Listening and listening and listening and how much we appreciate it. We've We've We've gotten up to around 70 like I mean listeners. So it was pretty crazy crazy crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Ki Ki you know I mean Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake sake sake make the honey so like covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time like you know know know major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental rental rental yields I mean like in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we we we talking about Parnell given that which I mean uh is an affluent suburb in Auckland Auckland Auckland given that it is probably not likely okay uh an investor suburb or a a a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a well a well a couple like I I I mean of weeks ago. I got I got I got the call-up from Westpac Westpac Westpac one of the large banks in New um so Zealand and they said can can can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website okay so so so where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental rental rental like you know yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas Whereas Whereas a whereas a whereas a one-bedroom I mean okay apartment and Parnell the gross yield for for for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky um um um so Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank Thank Thank so like you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing doing doing quarterly podcast. And this well like week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Women's Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, um uh so we thought it'd be be be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what like like could stuff stuff stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so okay, so okay, so I know know know um um in a moment you're going to be talking about a really really really huge piece of news like well that was covered in the media last week. So So So I thought it might be nice for you know you know me to start start start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily okay um heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about about about you know so hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in okay um this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These are the audio uh well versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube YouTube YouTube. If you if you if you enjoy this show, please I mean uh do do do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, um like you you you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of uh uh uh um that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to you you you know well me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into it like so. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're you're you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're um like looking at at at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different uh well well well most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what what what we want okay I mean to do at least until a few decades in we we we go through many false well like starts and travel through many dead and paths paths paths until we find the one that's you know well truly right for us many many many companies are the same often times the most um you know successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're listening to our podcast podcast podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take so well a minute and give us a five five five star rating? This would really help us you know okay to move forward. Hello everybody everybody everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we well you know are the hosts hosts hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the I mean mean mean you know 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from from from you know well four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this yes, this yes, yes, yes, this is the unique time when like so you can see Rory and myself our pretty pretty pretty faces and Rory will be doing a okay like full ayats speaking test test test. He'll crack he'll crack he'll crack jokes on his feet. So no so no no no so no preparation whatsoever I mean okay. It'll be fun. So please do join join join in we do need everyone to join in okay like. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody everybody everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart Hart Hart. And well so today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and and and Jenna ushkowitz you you know well might remember them from a little show called Glee Glee Glee or from their current phenomenal I mean uh hit podcast showmance. We are going to to to be talking about being in our okay okay 30s or newly 30 learning how to to to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about you know okay cupping enjoy you guys. I I I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I you know so feel feel feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really um um um like don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to like like like um this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here here here for so okay 30 minutes. I said I said I said to all all all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just I mean you know got got got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing there's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing I hate more um you know than when you show up to somebody's somebody's somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight fight fight say you know okay thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the the the Lord for his goodness and so uh mercy in your life. What a what what what a what a God we have to worship. What a son like you know we have have have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may you may may may you may well so be seated in his presence. I'm not I'm not I'm not not not sure if you are aware of well well what is on our Facebook page page page official Facebook page. There's a there's a there's a message for you I mean mean mean uh from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Starts Now well um. What's going on guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to all business bodybuilding. My name my name my name is Luke so so. I'm here with with with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it how's it how's it going going going guys? I'm doing I mean um good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, yeah, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN I mean mean mean you know of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Riverdale after show you know uh. What a crazy episode that is what are are are some good stuff to talk about tonight okay you know. And so and so and and and so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged you know uh uh uh 30 drama mystery. There's so there's so there's so much going on. It's Tony's Tony's Tony's are up to their like well normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some some some of the other little things at well so the end and then of course at at at the end. And we'll be doing our um like class clown class president. So if if if you guys have a class clown class like okay present for this episode, please please please start sending them in in the live chat. I am like I mean Katie. I I I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the I mean like chat chat chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you you you guys well so as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So So So first off you know so what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we before we before we kick this episode off. I want to take a a a second to talk you know you know about Brandon bills. They gave us us us a great opportunity. And honestly, and honestly, and honestly, we could have done okay so so so it without you guys. So thanks so thanks so thanks for everything and like my new new new front tooth. We also we also we also uh you know have a a a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any okay okay okay okay apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into into into this um um episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix fix fix it? Hi um uh guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from from from ACC so well media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got got got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete uh you know Gemma route joining us and we we we going to talk about All Things New Zealand okay I mean CrossFit and how they're they're they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So like so welcome guys Luke Luke Luke. I might I might I might start with you if that's okay. We've been I I I mean you know chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about about about you guys so uh. Me across to cover this event. Tell us tell us us us tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, so I like like like okay was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then you you you know uh I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each episode. We uh so are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn learn learn tools that you so like can apply to your life to provide hope hope hope and help for you or a loved uh well one with BPD. I have have have been working as a licensed professional counselor and you know uh nutrition and mindset mindset mindset coach for many years. I am I am I am the CBO of an an an online counseling you know uh and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful resentful resentful couples and disconnected okay so families navigate through tough times. I love the work that that that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute Institute Institute of uh um social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch goonch goonch go to you know you know the podcast where we plan to discuss issues issues issues in and around our campus from current social well well concerns to to to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews like you know know know with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan like like like so on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something something something for so you know our listeners as well. We will we will we will will will be having fun contest for our listeners as I mean okay well as a a a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on okay I I I mean this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to I mean uh uh uh tune in to goonch. Wide range wide range wide range of topics we have something for for for our listeners as um like well. We will be having fun contest for for for our listeners as well as a uh uh few surprise segments. I hope all this this this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope um I I I mean you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I I I had I had I had a moment this you know like week with my my my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always it's always it's it's it's always well like really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really really really good um I mean at that and then someone asks you a question question question and you go always like you know well that. I think I'm good at that or or or the time actually good at that so I have been you know you you you know challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through through through those challenges. It feels uh you know uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around around around your heart and you your instinct says right you know okay. I need I need need need I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there t t t uh well harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life life life gets easy uh um when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about about about doing the hard stuff you know you know. So something is really challenging you at at at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go like uh uh uh to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I I I said like I mean last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments comments comments people are um well kind of like sit down like TV watching style style style throwing it on the smart I mean well TVs and things that nature. I'm super super super flattered super excited about it. This weekly this weekly this weekly uh um be be be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, okay so so so then there's a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting I had with the Minnesota rocker rocker rocker. That is you know so the team that I own in the Call of Duty League League League the minority owner along with uh well the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about well so business and and and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at at at well uh the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did I did I I I did with an incredibly credibly fresh you know uh fashion brand called mad happy that's in in in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good at like well procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted I I I wanted I wanted to make this podcast um okay forever ago. And finally I'm I'm I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the you know like easiest way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its well well well well creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record record record and uh so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your podcast uh so for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast and many you know okay more platforms you can make money from your your your podcast right away with no minimum listenership like um guys. It's that good. Okay, Okay, Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one uh so place, please please please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to uh so get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, guys, guys, welcome back uh well to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and hi and hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host host host me to me. If you okay you know follow me on Instagram at at at knowing better doing better. Then you then you then you will know that I like like like uh post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God God God. And like well that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking looking looking at real life okay uh scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using using using and speaking very specific well you know scriptures that we can use in those those those challenges. My heart behind this is that like you know as we go through through through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but well you know we will our mindset mindset mindset that we would go through it will be different you know uh. I am am am I am I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word word word so I mean of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's How's How's you how's you how's you know you know the big man? I don't I I I don't I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected well okay of mind has has has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off well like social social social media. What's their apart? You're going you're going you're going straight into it. It's It's It's a whole bunch of I mean so things. But I think for me the most most most important thing is just to like get like um focused packable and I thought in in in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But you know I I I mean then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your your your because life like um has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week um um um uh. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend spend spend the weekend there you know so to do a keynote talk also was a part part part of a panel and yeah had well um a good time in general so good good good to be back right now and let's start um okay off with a brand brand brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says like like it's it's it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I mean mean mean okay I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records Records Records. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give okay well well well you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to to to make the I mean you know podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, okay so but there was a boot on on on my car because if you've ever watched a any so well Parking Wars, they're not operating operating operating on Sundays. So I've so I've so I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I you know you you you know just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So So So like I said, like uh I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good good good time guys and man uh so. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you you you know okay you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative creative creative podcasters um like out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a a a podcast. It's free to use um you know and has all the creation tools tools tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right I mean um from from from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on on on okay I mean Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you you you I mean um connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the the the perfect choice for so you know podcasters. So make sure to check it out download download download the free anchor a poor okay okay. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to get started. That's a and C hor dot so okay f m-- back back back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees Rocks well like. They were they were they were that dude is no I I I didn't see them. I saw him do okay um a feature on a cutting cutting cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was he was he was uh um um um so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw saw saw like okay so it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like like like stage presence is fucking I mean so Amazing. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like wife's wife's wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just uh like always like people you you you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing um well while while while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, um you you you know I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was he was he was was was like have like you know uh a sin a coat on and like the the the first note of the first song you know um He's already got the mic out out out of the mics and it has got the mic like like stand up up up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if I I I mean uh you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen listen listen to one so okay of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content content content. There's over okay I mean tick like you can listen to me once a day day day for 10 straight years okay so and not have to pay nothing. But But But guess but guess but guess what happened in those okay so 10 years Cam Cam Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he he he went like um to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went went went to well okay the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after after after all these kids you know well in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became I I I became I became their father on Instagram. So when they okay you know went went went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the okay well NFL NFL NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start I mean mean mean I mean a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been he's been he's been to the you know so station. The senior the last last last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on okay like sensor with Larry Larry Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a a a you know well special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and and and I really mean that you know so from the bottom of my heart and I can't can't can't say thank you enough on you know I mean today's episode. We're joined by former former former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download download download our so um app today and get access to thousands of free book and and and audio book well you know summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to to to them while working out like I mean or commuting to work and get get get the key insights of books in minutes instead of you know um hours. Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of of of well well best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick quick quick read narrated okay so by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you you you do for a living do so um you joyfully say I have the the the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd we'd we'd be best so ahead of my time like I mean. You can't see me yet yet yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be so I mean stressed stressed stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's well well well well nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm uh I I I mean excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like like like to so well say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm warm warm every now you know okay and then and there's some big changes that that that are coming up for me. I can't I can't I can't you know know know you know quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to to to so so for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, promise, promise, you'll well I mean understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm I'm I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, um okay but I'm definitely making making making a little change. I would say little I guess but like um pretty big big big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who who who I mean I mean have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Robert Robert Keegan I mean um Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of of of working in the field of adult so like development. And if and if and and and if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to so like like like this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of of of the okay well 5 stage model that he created and that has been been been studied empirically for the okay so last 40 years. And the reason why why why I wanted to talk to Bob like I mean Keegan isn't just because you you you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but I mean uh also also also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for I mean well you. And today I want to talk about something called as as as Legacy. Now. What okay you know do we mean by Legacy? Now? What What What I know for sure is that people like okay like us, you know, when when when I say us I mean all of us medicos, like like I mean people like like like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor okay like because because because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy so so so well profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting uh I I I mean for something which is a tough profession. We all we all we we we all had our you know, older okay um brother or brother's friend or a a a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go well uh home. We We We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well well well well Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode this episode this this this episode was well you know insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately Ally unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll well so see her her her back next week and I'm here with my lovely well uh co-host co-host co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot alot alot of things are up uh you you you know on this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down down down literally honestly, okay um I mean. So who so many things happened on this episode that that that we need to unravel, but like um this episode opened up with ish and and and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is I mean uh back in in in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go uh okay out to to to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is that? you know well You need me to help you relax. Hmm I I I always kept telling you you have um okay to really focus on. Not trying trying trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's well you know good to to to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves loves loves okay like and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when when when merits are you know you know accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful grateful grateful to welcome you well like to another episode of the real you a podcast podcast podcast about finding your true self for strengthening you know so your mind taking care of of of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your okay um spirit. My name is Caleb Caleb Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the uh um real you. And And And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be I mean well helping each each each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power uh uh uh uh of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to to to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host host host Simon you know I mean Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on on on YouTube. If you you know um want to go look it up there and see see see the video version of these uh um you can do that. If you're enjoying this this this show. Please do head over to um okay Apple podcasts or ever you get your your your podcasts and leave us a review. It would well well be kind of you and and and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're um uh watching top top top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 you know know know you know horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the the the mafia in America organized um well crime has become almost synonymous with with with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture I mean well a few standout celebrity celebrity celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise um so the best best best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the okay okay okay you know only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a I I I mean I mean virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue virtue virtue of the other person. Welcome to I mean I mean the university Catholic. Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm you you you know uh Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the the the um okay kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality intentionality intentionality I mean like and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week week week we're talking about friendships and like um next week. We're talking about a surprise. But But But before we get into okay I mean all that Kylie, I believe you have have have a joke for us, right? That's you know I mean the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain grain grain of salt nutrition podcast you know I mean with your host me Brett Brett Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for you know well tuning in in in in today's episode. I want I want I want to mainly jump into the the the who what uh uh why when and how of this podcast. So before before before you decide to listen to me, well like let me at least help you understand who who who I am. I've been an so okay RD for about 5 years now now now. I've worked in many different places. I started off so uh at a nursing home from from from there. I was I was I was able to go into a clinic like you you you know Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to to to the like okay Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to to to be I was you know well able to sit with people for longer periods periods periods of time we set realistic goals, we had I mean like follow-ups and and and we were able to see each other for a bit more than um you you you know five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze squeeze squeeze in like like a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really really really tired at this you know okay point because they've been here for a while and then then then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's It's It's over. This uh so is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts podcasts podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a you know okay one of of of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you I mean you you you know guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a a a well okay question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and and and one okay I mean of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the the the other co-host. Matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't like like make it so so so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here um um buddy one just four four four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about about about why reading okay so and friendship matter for women and how to make space in in in our lives for it you know uh. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and and and founder of well-read mom. My passion is uh so to help women read read read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time I mean well well well for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group I I I mean okay near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and and and Nicole co-directors of um well well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's today's today's podcast. We're excited you know you know to delve into some of the the the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders um um asked so we'll get started right away away away. The first the first the first question that came from our members this I mean mean mean uh year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand understand understand the membership like well terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your your your we're your we're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're um we're um we're um uh both both both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best best best friends like so and although we share a lot of experiences. We still we still still still we still have our own take on I mean okay every situation and we're here here here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're uh like not live. Okay. We're We're We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect I reflect I reflect reflect reflect I mean like on these situations with you. We hope we hope we hope you you you enjoy this episode of tv like like and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey Hey Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third you know well episode of PB and and and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the okay okay okay I mean necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do do do this particular okay you know episode is because I had a dream I literally had had had a had a dream okay uh where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first um um um um episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, you know know know uh my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who who who love um um them to better understand the complexities that drive us the the the gifts and the challenges uh uh the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a a a multicultural Ministry focused and uh like complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when when when I wasn't aware of the well well differences that came from growing up between worlds worlds worlds and of the push and pull um so of the happy and the hard then then then I went to a school for missionaries kids um well in Germany when I was was was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those so you know know know indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not not not just okay so in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The um the um the um so knowledge is focused on helping you change change change your life in four key areas retaining the okay uh information that I teach personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of course re attracting your your your eggs so I mean available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Craig Craig Kenneth. And in like you know today's video. I'm going to be talking to you you you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, well well so I know there are are are lots of new people that discover my channel every so well day and every week week week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of of of uh like the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just just just filmed one podcast with uh okay one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from from from taking from taking sides from um like Simply on purpose - we should ever on this this this podcast. So that's going to be on like well big little life right right right now. We have all of your emails. We're just going like you know to go through through through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these like so well well well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or well so and we we we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what uh like we we we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would we would we would hope hope hope that we well so would do and will also tell you what we we we have done which was probably okay like what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined combined combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and okay um books and all that good stuff stuff stuff. So without so without so without further Ado, let's get started by okay you you you know do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand new like uh episode next week. But if you need something to tide you you you over until then there's another so I mean show that I think you'll really like like like. It's called it's called it's called love letters and it's one of my favorite favorite favorite you know like podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice advice advice columnist for the Boston um uh Globe on every episode of the show Meredith Meredith Meredith asked a complicated question about well uh relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling grappling grappling with the same question in the episode? You're well like about to hear hear hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure okay um out how to to to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if um like you you you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects effects effects strategies at you know you know ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering covering covering FX topics in ocbc I mean uh insights on a regular basis. Now, let now, now, now, let now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot I mean mean mean like escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round round round to you know okay hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation situation situation spread Beyond so uh China into different parts of the world. If you look look look at our effect sentiment you know okay index it now stands at extreme risk risk risk of level and three interesting things about well um how risk sentiment has evolved evolved evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning tuning tuning in well like and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means means means I'm getting well I mean out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the the the fifth. So I look like okay forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going going going to be my home gym like well ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the the the streets to kind of group grew up so um a lot about them, but I I I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's well you know episode 1 so let's get get get this together and do it. All right, all right, all right, if you're listening, thank so so so um you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G G G show number one I mean you know episode one starring season one starring German German German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm just fucking a you know know know okay guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your I I I mean um host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm your favorite meme stir uh like. Let's be real what a joke. Look listen, listen, listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about uh so funny. It's let's talk to the the the best in the industry. Let's ask let's ask let's ask him some stuff well well well well. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today Today Today. Today's you know uh gas is going to take you back to school. So So So take out a pen and so okay paper take some notes because I had had had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door well well solar Savage. Fellas and ladies ladies ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with uh I mean her. Short Short Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed like like like okay on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a a a self-loathing like uh woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to to to decisions that I so you know didn't make because of my fear was all because because because of this 18 months so you know of my life. Welcome everyone. My name name name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in like okay to the finding perspective podcast where where where we share stories and get into deep conversation well um with the intent intent intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of of of like okay course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name her name her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes purposes purposes only and should um I mean not be relied upon as legal business business business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by um I mean podcast participants are solely their their their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions well like of RCM RCM RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast well well well I mean or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential potential potential. Pets like pets like pets like uh and listeners are reminded that managed managed managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex so you know and carry a a a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for you know um all investors investors investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what okay you you you know makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and and and chat with interesting well like guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of you know okay the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the the the past Chief Operating you know well Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer officer officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose our purpose our purpose you know know know like is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and and and others uh you know across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have have have Jack join us today I mean like. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over over over two decades of experience applying technology I mean like data science people and design thinking seeking seeking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had well okay an impressive career transfer me me me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary uh um of your career path path path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you you know I mean mean mean made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast okay okay okay so is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is is is a safe like okay space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and and and encourage Rita join so uh me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile worthwhile worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and so you know freedom with Adrian Dwight that that that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of okay like love. The love we we we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have I mean like for for for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the um well well well things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs dogs dogs parents I mean like families friends, whatever. We want we want we want want want love to be and you would also be talking you know so about any kind of of of growth for me a career to a physical state so like to your Total Total Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the so so word word word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent uh uh uh well as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry speech was you know um tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either either either an anglo-french or Italian you know well term. ERM translating eRM translating eRM translating translating translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be um uh uh uh confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance importance importance are I mean well impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a a a point of Paramount significance. However, both so you know tantamount and Paramount can can can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up okay like to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official official official like um episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to to to have some chat members uh so on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is is is e versus Romero. It's going down soon well okay. You know you know you know know know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a I mean okay okay okay couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves yourselves yourselves real like uh quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on on on. It's a Garret everything I mean uh UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful. Hey, this hey, this hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA well uh Jack AKA AKA AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you thank you thank you for for for showing up today, sir. Thank you thank you thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what so what so what was the first task task task you remember because of the okay uh heart of it is to test their daring daring daring and their bravery. They're not going to like I mean get a chance chance chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is I mean well one of of of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke so um up on on on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made made made a so like post the other day about the you know, I even made made made a podcast it was like okay probably one or two podcast back now from from from here maybe but about you uh you know know, your gym not being the best best best our today, you know, I think it should uh well be more of a pillar pillar pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and you know um I I I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you um I mean mean mean can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns owns owns a so I mean gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize apologize apologize Rob if I'm fucking okay um that up. You know, he shot me a a a DM and you just like bro. I um I um I um uh don't I I I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it so so. You You You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree I I I mean uh with it which was but he reached out to me and show me me me a DM so so and I do what I typically do when I hit hit hit him with an audio message and like well explain my position and you know next thing, thing, thing, you know, we're back and forth you know I mean with a few audio messages and and and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today today today okay well. You're going to find him. I believe I believe I believe believe believe in you at Sea find your father okay you know and we'll be a a a family again. All right. Close your close your close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating so so so um your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is is is your One okay uh Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows allows allows you you know like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or your computer. It okay uh also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And And And finally, and finally, and finally, it uh um gives you an opportunity opportunity opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if so if so if podcast or something you know know know so you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor um I mean dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So So So been a couple days since I I mean well did my last podcast as as as well as my last, you know update on this um um kind of coronavirus and all all all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, like um this this this podcast this YouTube YouTube YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central okay uh and it has been been been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind like you know know know of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I I I well like think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms you know know know um beard care and much much more all of their products are natural natural natural wholesome and prayerfully uh uh designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of of of life and to um I mean promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion devotion devotion for ten percent off your entire okay uh order use promotional code Rua at at at checkout. And please and please and please check out the link in the show I mean mean mean you know notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this this this Lent we can't like like recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online online online Retreat will help you meditate on so uh the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything Everything Everything is online and at your own pace and well okay you can find find find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and um I mean mean mean 19. Total talks total talks total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if hello, if hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is is is the easiest way to okay you know make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, all, all, it's free second of all, there okay okay is a creation tool that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean uh right from your your your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you so well. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you well okay can easily make money with with with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one I mean you know know know place. Thank you. I've always I've always I've always been sure capitalists get their their their money for any small so you know business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility possibility possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized so so and raise the funds many many many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one I mean so so so episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife okay um show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have I I I have I have nobody on this podcast and there's I mean okay a good reason reason reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound well um quality quality quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is so um um um because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole whole whole okay um life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and fines and fines and and and I'm in the middle uh um of a hotel because I also started a a a new job last week. And yeah, it's like um all decided to come at once once once. But the reason I actually chose to so like do this podcast and do this this this by myself is because it's something that I I mean so want to talk talk talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to um uh a a a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council like so for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please I I I mean so visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my hello, my hello, my name is is is Finola and welcome to the language assistance uh um podcast this episode. We'll explore gender gender gender equality and balance in regards to our I mean okay program and Beyond today. I'm I'm I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are um okay all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments um okay. We are are are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as so uh uh uh an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all all all um okay introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are are are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey I mean uh there, I'm Kina. I'm based based based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if what if what if world is supported by our sponsors and and and by listeners like you on patreon? um uh Folks at home. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor so okay which which which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me well well well um explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you you you um well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anchor will distribute your you know um podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so okay tons of other places and when you're you're you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor so um Make it easy with minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one okay so place place place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go well well well I mean to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your your your it's your host Danny I mean uh Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and and and you're listening to the midweek memo for March like so for 2020. I'm dropping the kind kind kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked I fucked I fucked up uh well this this this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and and and this well like morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough enough enough time to do you know like it in the morning. Like I used to to to kind of ran out of time. So now I mean okay I'm doing it on my motherfucking motherfucking motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night night night and okay uh I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going going going we're going we're going to be talking about you know so 2/3 Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and uh uh uh well what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an an an you know you know existing property you buy it today and then in in in 10 years it requires a uh well new row for Is significant expense expense expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant um okay expense or rewiring the the the house and we know that this happens it's not well okay something we necessarily necessarily necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs um well to happen if if if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and so so so well this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it it it is um well nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that that that is not on okay I mean account of laziness that is actually on account account account of the fact that I uh um have been working really really hard today been been been editing some stuff right now sweet I mean well bear and I we are are are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down well uh here to meet. Eat Eat Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good okay I mean friends. It's her her her it's her it's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most most most of well um Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on on on a Wednesday so uh. And so today was like my big day to kind kind kind of get ahead on everything uh you know so that I can unplug a little little little bit and be fully present with sweet you know so bear and our our our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited okay okay okay okay to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making making making for years so well. I have I have I have truly wanted to do do do this. God has put it down in my spirit okay like to do it it it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series like um. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four four four key um I mean areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships relationships relationships. And of I mean um course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet dotnet dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig okay okay Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to to to be talking about soul mates um um. So some so some so some of of of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of um um you don't some some some of you guys have this idea of like a twin uh so flame some some some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates uh um um um and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast podcast podcast this episode number 29 so you know and this episode we're going to do do do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then well well we're going to do a little little little bit of challenging our view on luck. So like okay I hope you guys guys guys are doing well. Hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are are are so so just moments before coming into my garage to record this for for for y'all. I was out in okay well the sun just baking in it. Just Just Just loving it. Feels so feels so feels so good and it's actually um I mean kind kind kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So you know well I'm I'm I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right right right um um after the winter time. Right? Like right like right like right when you've you've you've endured like those freezing cold days you know well freezing cold snow ice hail winds winds winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable like um and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you you you like I mean do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own horror podcast, so you know whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into into into the world. There's a there's a there's a um well new all-in-one platform for you. It's It's It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make like you know a podcast and it's it's it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to I mean so so so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better better better Anchor will uh I mean Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on on on Apple or Spotify or everywhere you know I mean else. You can find podcasts podcasts podcasts. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all uh uh uh uh in one place. So what are you waiting for download the so um free free free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith um um um um for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and and and buckle up you know well because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't ain't ain't always pretty welcome to so well the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Joshua Joshua Smith. Today. We're I mean well going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden Biden Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling okay okay in line because they're they're they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we you know I mean talk about the the the significance of the Boogaloo. And for and for and for the third segment, we're going going going you know like to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians all just lost you know um to no preference shocking. By the way. There's There's There's ever anything that you want to hear on like um an episode of break break break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam Liam Liam. How are you? you know like All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so so so far. Yeah, it's been a good uh I mean day. I'm recording this from Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll like well record it it it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will be traveling like okay back back back to Japan. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, if you were listening before then you'll you'll you'll remember that that well so I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still still still am when I'm recording this I mean so and yet going back to Japan Japan Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this like okay while I'll be probably probably probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the what's the what's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest forest forest and environment trees like uh trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one one one request someone treat and so on Essentials okay like biodiversity. Those are what some people people people think about Forest, but do we really know about well so it? You You You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and so you know get your hand hand hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph I mean like. When When When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach I I I mean you know to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by by by looking at okay you know the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true true true stories real life experience and communities we so um aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were were were all together in one place suddenly you know I mean a sound like the blowing of of of a violent wind came from heaven and filled uh well the whole house where where where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues okay uh of fire that separated separated separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were so okay filled filled filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the um you you you know spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from from from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I if I if I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it it it really took me by I mean you know surprise when I found out that they they they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, uh um like I always thought that that that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I okay so wonder exactly exactly exactly me. Amantha. We pull we pull we pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking fucking fucking I'm fucking ready for it. Dude I mean uh. I'm in Mac Mac Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, uh well well well oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls so so so I mean amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along along along is along is along with um uh that shit and guess what? I I I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben like well it was french fries. They They They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and so uh I I I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we um um um well feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as noticeable as noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast podcast podcast. This podcast like I mean series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which which which is available on the like so Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is it it it is it is our desire at youth Ministries like okay to see you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time um okay okay okay with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th march 7th march 7th entitled the the the blessing of submission today will I mean well be reading from number 17 verses 8 8 8 through 10. Then Moses then Moses then Moses sent to Cora um I I I mean here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that that that the god uh uh of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel Israel Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind behind behind like uh on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save save save and invest well so enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you you you through my own experience exactly you know I mean how you can get on the the the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the well so age of of of 65 from age 90. In 228 in 228 in 228 Kayla and I have been married for for for so I mean nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined combined combined with no student loan debt like so and have taken our household household household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars um like a year. We We We both we both we both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we we we have you know like free tools and resources that you can use to to to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas ideas ideas so I mean come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The The The creative um okay agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising advertising advertising media publishing well um technology education and more the ideation process can be a little little little bit of a uh um black box to those of us who aren't aren't aren't designated creatives in organizations. We um we um we um so hope these conversations can can can shed some light on that as work becomes more D um um industrialized industrialized industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative creative creative as part of uh well our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to to to people who work daily with incorporate constraints you know okay and still managed to be be be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to well I mean tap into into into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas well like like like came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can I can I can be your new welcome everybody to to to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy um okay. You are of course listening in in in with the big man the force and I'm like you know so glad to finally I feel feel feel like I tell you what, I feel like the you know you know flow flow flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel I I I feel I feel like well so I've caught the white whale and I finally got got got every in the in the um um podcast with us. So well, thank you. So So So good to finally have you alone? well I mean How many times should we we we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this so this so this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when when when I say that we need more voices in uh okay the church talking talking talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the uh um Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There There There okay well are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy easy easy one is to start a like uh podcast anchor dot f m is a great great great podcast hosting platform. If you if you if you haven't heard um um about anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain so I mean it's free free free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right like I mean from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you like you know. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually you know like make some money from your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to well um make a a a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the uh you know free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take take take you know um a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and and and I'm having okay well a good time doing these because my goal is to to to put the truth well well out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance guidance guidance to first I mean well timers or those who were in The Game of competing competing competing and or Fitness a better um uh idea on how to handle things. And simply simply simply to make it an easier process um uh for you. Today is today is today today today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, well um but but but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as as as so I mean you enter a diet or if you are in the middle middle middle of a diet or well well even a contest prep and as the title says says says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first I'm first I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest easiest easiest uh well way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's It's It's well you know free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go go go on there's creation tools that I mean well allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay I mean computer. Anchor will anchor anchor anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple so okay podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's places places places my podcast is on. I've okay like never heard of thanks. Anchor you can can can make money from your podcast with I mean so no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need need need to make a podcast in one place you know okay. I get asked a lot lot lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm um okay telling you start that podcast with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to you know well Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started today. The following the following the following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The okay okay okay you know True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel Ariel Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining well um us. We can't wait to to to share the details of this wild episode with you okay so. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all y'all y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to um uh take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, there's many so so things but one of the one of them that bothers bothers bothers me that the kids do I mean um would be standing or walking on the the the couch. There's six of us in this household so okay and this couch is is is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not I mean so walk walk walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on like so so so it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for it's for it's it's it's for sitting that's it. So when I mean um you catch them doing it because they they they know they're not supposed to but they okay okay just can't help themselves, but do do do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when so uh you catch catch catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter bitter bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was I was I was um um by your boy boy boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we are near appreciate everybody everybody everybody for taking so so the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we we we shared well like everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here here here trying to teach I mean okay people knowledge and wake them up on the deception deception deception. You already know. No, you know so we have a few subject we go get get get into today and talk about it uh um discussion. You know, first we go talk about about about the so-called coronavirus one that they um so got right now with a pandemic on the the the whole wide world. Just not too I mean I mean long ago. I see see see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host host host okay you know development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called called called sister-in-law, which is a platform okay you know dedicated to empowering women through legal education education education. Thank you for joining me for the uh I mean first ever episode of sisters and and and conversation. I have with me or a leotard you know okay ceiling Milo. She's a corporate corporate corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment so uh and Alton Alton Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's well well well like day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as as as okay um attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social social social entrepreneur co-founder of um okay the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your hosts. I'm well like Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going I'm going I'm going going going to be telling you about The like uh Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Jane Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso like well and let's Dive Dive Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at at at okay I mean Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our our our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 okay uh and her son Sean is for Sean's Sean's Sean's father. Dennis is dennis is dennis is not in the picture and like okay he he he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we I mean okay ask all our guest speakers. So number so number so number one, one, one, what are three words um so that you would use to describe yourself three three three and I have to just narrow okay uh it down to three strategic organized and and and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us you know um a dad joke I wanted wanted wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if um okay okay okay I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know know know like um that? His baby his baby his baby daughter would be a great great great marketer. Her first word was Data I like you know tried. And what what what and what and what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that that that almost uh uh anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys guys you know you know a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to to to all of your favorite artists and okay so podcasts in one place. That's for free free free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a so so huge catalogue of of of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and like uh uh uh you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share you know know know like what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if and if and if if if you are a premium user okay you know you can download episodes to listen to to to offline no matter where you are. So so uh if you haven't done so already already already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal I mean you know know know relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a a a I mean you know follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of of of which let's see what we've well so got on The Ledger today. This is is is this is this is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and okay so shame good good good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot uh so of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the uh uh uh well Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican Mexican Mexican favorite album for I mean you know me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome Welcome Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats you know so the podcast I am your host host host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the the the table each you know uh week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor mayor mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions that okay you know really matter to Brazilians and and and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and so you know housing to the harbor harbor harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot well I mean seat. My name name name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University so so of of of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying studying studying media and journalism at you know you know you as well. And I'm I'm I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal so uh from the the the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from so uh uh uh for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely well so so so impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm I'm I'm um uh a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all all all about Hope well you know and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you uh okay a conversation. I had with with with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and well like when we're in relationships relationships relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're you know know know I mean going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma trauma trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off off off like um with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we move on to you know like some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we we we should talk uh I mean about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? it it I'm Kate. I so um know you were I thought you want to tell tell tell us a bit about us um uh. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, so so so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two I I I mean like days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it it it was very successful and un um uh conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Sheena Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they uh I mean also our country Canada got got got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was okay I mean very great at at at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was it was it it it was really good I mean you know. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus emeritus emeritus you know well of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of of of South Carolina in Charleston okay uh. I also I also I also served served served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College um I mean of of of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial so well titled oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr I mean um um um. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has has has contributed um I mean several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you thank you thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast podcast podcast that I that I have well okay. Um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm here with with with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good so you know how how how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it it it well um was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I I I had uh um to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask ask ask me to remember? so okay so okay so okay We're about people's birthdays, you you you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his well well birthday was that that that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like well well well well 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and like like like like it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought thought thought wow you know okay could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the the the 28th or um you know today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's That's That's it's really weird. I um you know know. Do you do you do you you you know how leap year started? No, it no, it no, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey well, hey well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty Pretty Pretty good, man. I thought you um I mean were leaving for the night. I know know know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did uh uh too too too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we I I I mean uh can use it like well as well we got a a a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, let's use okay I mean that. Yeah, what's the the the name of this podcast again? Just the just the just the tea podcast uh I I I mean just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's like like like you know two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like like like tea. Yeah, I well like like coffee. So it's so it's so it's that I'm a big big big tea. I don't like coffee that much you know so. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey Grey Grey. Yeah I mean you know. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's it's it's pretty good. What uh like about you for coffee or tea or coffee for for for coffee? I truly like espresso like okay espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you you you made this podcast if it's like okay just called just the tea, why don't don't don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't okay so know I do call coffee coffee coffee. I was like why not we can call it like you know just the the the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the okay like tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted wanted wanted like I mean us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans Romans Romans is jam-packed well you know with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic Epic Epic. Ders that people quote well okay all the time and Romans chapter 1 is is is really no different and Romans 1 we're well like dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing dealing dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of you know so is the law of of of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at okay so. No No No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives okay well well well and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can I mean well well well act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks Hawks Hawks well I mean podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join join join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock I mean so was there and I am also also also here we are three and one after so you know a decisive victory over the Seattle Seattle Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened you know um up looking like like like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We so so so okay all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few few few uh so days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself myself myself I mean okay out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and and and a half and I okay so shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome back to the nope. That's I mean you know not what it says says says show. I am I am I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express you know know know you know to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few few few episodes with you well I mean. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And And And we're talking mental health uh well. This is something that we both have have have discussed often in our friendship as we talk okay you know about other crazy crazy crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like so uh it it it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture like like like um of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session session session. It was um like computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened happened happened and we couldn't you know you know agree listen to it on the speakers speakers speakers on here. So we put it onto my well well laptop to see what it sounded sounded sounded like and there's these little better at well you know things like clicks. Yeah, and and and so we don't know if this is recording actually has well um any so we're we're we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still like um enjoy enjoy enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's okay okay okay uh roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world world world where two boys um so talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance chance chance of well uh getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you you you just lack the tools uh like and the tactics how to make your light shine bright bright bright enough to be hired. I am I am I am uh so one of the the the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So uh so uh so so so uh I mean I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast podcast podcast. I'm going to share like like with you what I've learned in 10 years of of of McKinsey and 10 years as I mean well a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience experience experience and my learnings go in here and once you've I mean you know know know listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are are are putting you know um the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems sunday seems sunday seems to be our day where we really try try try to get our act together well you know before the work week. It includes the the the kids because we really enjoy you know well our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as as as a family and we just got okay I mean a lotta things that that that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but you know well Sunday, especially especially especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have you know you you you know any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your your your clothes out clean your rooms you know okay. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get so I mean back to work and and and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this well I mean mean mean time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite like like like okay. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate I I I mean I mean school. I don't think they really do like I think they like like like to see their you know okay friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the the the definite article in uh okay this video. Now. If you if you if you guys guys guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite well um articles, you can can can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have three you you you know you know articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I I I want to say Japanese like okay that do not have any. Any articles at at at all. So sometimes English articles are very um so confusing and then there are languages like like like German that has I think three different you know okay kinds not just like articles but but but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that so like seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard heard heard about anchor. It's well I mean literally the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. We use it for casual poor and we uh well absolutely love love love it. Love Love Love it love it love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great I I I mean uh one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you you you can only record like so and edit your podcast or you can upload upload upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also you know you know distribute your your your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It okay it okay it okay okay okay okay cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will will will be I mean like short and on top of that you can even make money off off off of this app uh so. So it's so it's so it's free and and and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make well well well well money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast you you you know I mean with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to to to get started. Just go you know I mean to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to the you know well summer house after show we're looking looking looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your okay you know girl girl girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover tonight? you you you know you know you know well Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of lots of lots of new new new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're I mean I mean just gonna go straight through through through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some uh well fun engagement news news news. You guys you guys you guys you'll have to wait to the end for for for that um like and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then then then we'll end it you know okay off with some predictions for what's going to to to happen next week and maybe the you know well rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We We We are going so like to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 20/20 20/20 NFL draft class and I mean so what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will will will be joined every week but Ali my um so co-host and we will will will go through talk about what matters at each position where like um the Panthers Panthers Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be I I I mean like going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that that that um okay position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft draft draft class you know well has to offer we will be going Each position group one one one by well I mean one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to to to be a major part um I mean of how the Panthers go about this this this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway so okay. I hope you you you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try like okay okay okay. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode you know you know includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that that that some people may find offensive. We like okay advise Extreme Caution for children under under under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't you know I mean mean mean right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On On On October 27th some okay like night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were were were transfixed by a woman wandering their um well campus. What is what is what is she she she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close uh so the blinds too late late late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my um okay daughter Betty Gale Gale Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the like like like I mean police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and and and Mental Illness listener okay so discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 9 9 year old Nathaniel should um well have been asleep by now. His mother had warned warned warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned so you know him, but it was was was too late the Sandman was already on his way okay you know. Hey Nathaniel pulled pulled pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the you know know know uh Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing breathing breathing stay I mean you know very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door okay um slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused they paused they paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our our our yeah, so like I know did you know that when milk is start again again again when milk uh okay has come out of the cow. They died a white because because because there's pus and blood in like okay it and your stroke still drinking cow's cow's cow's milk. Your mom will join to do I mean so that is disgusting. I've tried like almond almond almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk um I mean. What breasts do you squeeze? squeeze squeeze Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing okay I mean mean mean. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can well okay okay okay I was absolutely vile? And I and I and I don't know know know why people eat it. So drink so drink so drink you know um is is is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know know know okay you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a a a problem okay you know. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've We've We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get I mean like you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to um like get started and you know what? It's totally free free free just download the free anchor app or well I mean go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own well so podcast. You You You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about so well on on on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to okay okay make it it it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go so um um um to the get the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- in you on so you know your way. Good morning morning morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will we we we will we will discuss Florida's I mean uh loss at Tennessee get into into into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to well so 19 and 11 ahead of of of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The so the the the so the so uh lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty Scotty Scotty. Louis could be the last well um game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to to to graduate with honors High so I mean honors, I think in In the spring which is is is fantastic really happy for him or okay like take some listener questions. It's a fun fun fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it um so. You know, you know, you you you know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport um well. This is is is March. Now we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball basketball basketball. Our this okay I mean week is brought to you by anchor that's that's that's the platform. We use to uh okay bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This This This podcast series so well is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on on on the Pentecostal Publishing so uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is it is it it it is our desire at youth Ministries to I mean okay see you grow in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time you know uh with him him him. Remember your remember your remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to to to all today will so uh be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 15 15 have mercy on me well like O Lord for I am in trouble my my my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul uh so and my body for for for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that that that so uh matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks Thanks Thanks as um um always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you you you never listen to I mean um the show before hold on to your floppy hats hats hats and get ready for so like the team and I to bring you the story story story. Is affecting young people and like so your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production production production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina uh uh Sakamoto who has brought you you you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets um you know from 2010 that that that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter uh I mean mean mean of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also we're also we're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist journalist journalist ever 97 okay okay who goes deep to bring you stories like is is is God real? Well, it turns I mean um out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you how you how you doing, my my my friend? Brett you brett you brett you know you know I'm doing great. Thank you you you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the okay um time. It's been been been a little while since we've chatted. So what so what so what have you been been been up okay like to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I I I my wife decided probably like I mean when I had a year left in Colorado Colorado Colorado Springs at my position that we would you know well move back to Tucson. And And And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're we're we're I mean I mean getting a little better at life. I am your your your host Corey mascara and in I mean okay today's episode. I'm going to share share share a few thoughts on the idea of finding like so meaning more to come on on on that in a moment. But first let's settle in um so with the sound of of of the Bells. Finding your finding your finding your life's meaning is one of those things things things that okay you know can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that that that some people have a you know so seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast podcast podcast. I'm one I'm one I'm one I mean okay of your hosts Egan for our our our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up what's up what's up you know know know uh guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This This This is Brady I mean um Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian Italian Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't why didn't why didn't I you know uh get get get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I you know know know so knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards regards regards well well kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host co-host co-host. Jordan Reese, well well here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its its its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our I mean well first episode of of of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked uh okay about a a a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated okay okay while we're doing this. Actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's start with that that that. So to begin with we well um will ask our good old friend Siri to to to pick a number between one um so and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of of of business where we talk you know well about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course course course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I uh uh hope you like it. Thank you you you guys for joining into the art of I mean like this is today. My My My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you you know you know know know doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to um okay okay okay this right now. Thank you thank you thank you for joining us really? So I I I let me give so uh our listeners are little bit of context or of of of what I'm doing. So I uh well was browsing LinkedIn the other day day day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to okay okay college back in 2012. Soccer together together together so we known each other for a few years uh uh back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host um well well well Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here okay okay okay you know for episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our our our sponsors first um uh up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us us us and they want to do I mean so the same for you. So if if if you want to check them out, make sure I mean um to head over to to to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you like um get get get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat cat cat at okay well checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love citycom citycom citycom. And then so I mean also SD prints there are screen printing company that can can can make you some wonderful products I mean so for your booth tables website, whatever you you you got they can make a product for you well you know. You can check check check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show okay okay okay okay operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive extensive extensive research, but well I mean ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members members members themselves for every um so kernel of truth. There's a there's a there's a a a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each I mean I mean group to protect their their their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds um um of of of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed proposed proposed so like by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the like I I I mean boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to to to talk um like a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have have have a script uh well I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way you know like to make a podcast, let me explain. It's It's It's completely free. There's creation tools that well uh allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer you know um. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple you know uh uh uh music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast so okay with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to to to make a podcast in one like uh place. Anyways, let's get this rolling rolling rolling. Like a record record right now and I can like okay just cut it. Okay Okay Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's well I mean just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're if you're if you're back hello and and and welcome back Sue's you know like of time. I have I have I have a special special special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea okay you know. This is my my my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've um, I've um, I've known the birdie I live live live. Oh, so I mean yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really really really old bird. He's well well gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is is is this is already Turning off as a disaster um okay sweet peas fucking Violet and and and I am actually kind of scared of him. I I I I I I I I mean um love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's He's He's a little he's a like so budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's He's He's very tiny his little arthritic feet um um and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel Noel Noel boivin you know okay senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy privacy privacy commissioner for uh you know British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right right right educational series privacy, um okay right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA HIPAA HIPAA to the everyday you know okay work of the more than 1 million million million organizations that collect use or Close personal I mean I mean information in this province province province. We want we want we want organizations to think more about the sheer volume volume volume of um I mean personal information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations obligations obligations to safeguarded under pipa uh so and how our office can help help help. It's about getting privacy right to build and um I mean maintain Trust. Today, Today, Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride I I I mean I mean podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Michael Ward. That was was was little Foo Fighters. We had we had we had go I mean so so so in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I I I I mean I mean was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and well well well uh today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because because because Valentine's Day well well and we are recording two and one day and we we we are so excited for our okay well guest today. So he is our special special special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where I mean like to find us us us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at you you you know I mean Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom. Go ahead go ahead go ahead leave us well you know a 5-star 5-star 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you okay like like like have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks Thanks Thanks uh well. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay uh I mean emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which which which included her reading shockingly racist okay you know DMS that I certainly won't be be be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans like okay of the show show show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate you know um Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake and well well eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username saying how so um the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the show you know well taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at at at The Bachelor show Runners you know well are producers take any accountability for their role role role in facilitating toxic environments. The show you know okay is specifically designed and run around around around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee uh so an engagement or or or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains so well well well. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would so so so well like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor well okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made made made it. So easy guys, I like I mean did not know, you know publishing podcast podcast podcast was so easy. If I if I if I had only known well um um um it like five ten years before early because all I need to do so so so so is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post you you you know okay and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it in all the major like I mean podcast sides. You know apps that are available and and and I do not need to do anything else well uh. So this is is is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of so um um um it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you okay like like like feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to um I I I mean post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes like so podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines uh uh uh you know week on Choppers. Every day every day every day we'll be talking about a a a different awesome woman from history a like well heroin heroines are women who do great great great things and a remembered for their bravery and like uh achievements. But first, let's get brushing brushing brushing the way. Our first our first our first heroic woman lived a uh so long long long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She you know know know um and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of of of saying well okay a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over over over ancient China with like you know her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by by by her okay um own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task task task for police resulting you know well in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this this this episode on the shocking murder of Betty okay uh Gale Brown and want to hear more more more like it check out our series unsolved like well murders every Tuesday follow the clues clues clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's okay so most bewildering murders follow follow follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to okay I mean mean mean podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised okay well this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy um um um well Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce pronounce pronounce it, right that was pretty good I mean so. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty pretty pretty good. It was it was it was pretty good history of New Zealand I mean mean mean I mean podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what what what you've uh well been working on and what we're going to be talking talking talking about today. Sure so like. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as as as you've just heard I'm okay uh the bloke behind the history of altered altered altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much I mean so a does what what what it says on the tin podcast. It's a it's a it's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a a a podcast where we like I mean explore how the chakra system can help you you you change your mind to change your body well like to change your life. Hi Hi Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's you know you know kind kind kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on on on um so a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm I'm I'm confused as I mean I mean to what day it is because I'm I'm I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday um okay. Does that ever happen to you? you you I think it's so funny. You know like you like well think like like like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, so anyway, so so so anyway, so like that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With With With like I mean our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK UK UK podcasts. You have Chris like I mean with you today. We said that that that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing well um through the offseason and and and that we're definitely starting with a very very good so I mean special on first first first off. So we all like to get a bit of an okay okay okay um insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to to to those um um day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the so so so well City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about well um my my my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a well well well uh huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the the the office uh I mean all day long as you might know Spotify has a a a huge catalogue of podcasts I mean you know on every topic including the one you're you're you're listening to right now. You can you can you can listen to all okay well well well of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You You You can follow I mean you know your favorite podcast. So you so you so you never never never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so you know to listen to offline offline offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with like okay your friends friends friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app so well well well search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your your your library so so tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an an an okay you know episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly firstly firstly with a okay you know point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday night the mood in the like well camp must be a good one. Yeah Yeah Yeah to be fair. It's been good for so well months really pleased with the performance. And I I I kind of knew it was going so you know to be a bit like that that that. But until we sort of broken down loss or okay you know often our second second second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very you know um good good good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight okay okay okay well was Jeb. What have what have what have you made of him so far? far far Capital K JP will get uh I mean better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls girls girls like so that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they they they were asking okay okay me how we do it how we get it out out out there how we record it like you know. And you know, thankfully I was was was able to tell them about anchor which if okay you know we would have have have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier so so so uh and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, know, know, so anchor is I mean uh by far the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast it gives you everything um you know you need. In one in one in one one one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any like so fancy recording recording recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it like so so so on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all all all uh so the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good good good which you well like know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, what's up, what's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, yet, yet, it's the easiest so I mean way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that that that allow you to record and uh um edit your podcast right from your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean like you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can like well make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need you know okay okay okay to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go like like to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Donnie Donnie Nelson so okay. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Samuel Samuel Jackson the ball, you uh uh know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you you you you know so doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an an an amazing story um like and I love for you to share it with a lot lot lot of people. Yeah, thank you know okay you. I'm so excited that you're doing doing doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue so I mean and you know, know, know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue um you know to to to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we um um um like have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got got got to where you okay you know are and what drives you and what motivates you you you and all those sorts of things uh so. I think is so important to share share share and I've had great conversations with a okay uh lot of really good coaches. And And And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of of of Steel I mean okay media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet meet meet. Of course, we didn't expect so uh to die out here. You know, know, know, you know, you know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money well well well so D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, you you you know well boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really really really so like fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by by by our I mean like app to help companies get control of their email for for for this episode really excited I mean uh to have one of our one of of of the biggest names in construction Judith, please okay I mean introduce yourself. Thank you very very very much. That's an interesting way to describe me uh well. One of one of one one one of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a well well well so lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So So So I'm you know I mean Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations regulations regulations on fire safety in the I mean like wake of the Granville fire fire fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed so so so so such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking looking looking uh um at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the deluded deluded deluded podcast and I'm happy to be you know uh doing this. I mean mean mean I mean I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's I mean well well well a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 20,000 20,000 subscribers. So um like if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel feel feel you feel like you've accomplished well like something with me because without you like like like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and um so foremost say a big big big thank you to look for a line it to be possible so um if you haven't haven't haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in I mean okay okay okay on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell spell spell out to you know like you why you need to start listening to that YouTube YouTube YouTube content come on now but you know so away from all of that as as as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened you know uh in football, but a a a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep um you know our band band band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly allegedly allegedly well um calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR okay okay okay like leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be be be digital I mean you know. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become become become more digital and analytical to deliver you know well greater business value. This episode episode episode is a break from our usual format. It features well well a panel panel panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work work work so like conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of of of the future uh well and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people people people analytics at UC uh like Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head head head of people strategy analytics learning and um like operations of judicial RJ Milner who who who is a global head of people analytics boober so like and is a previous guest guest guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of I mean well my HR HR HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control control control I mean like. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is is is how do we take so well control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There There There are there are there are multiple ways that can you know um kick you down down down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important okay okay okay okay points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science science science uh um of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with with with the normal okay um functions of a living organism and its parts. But in in in this sense, what we're going to okay I mean be talking about is how refers refers refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You uh well feel emotions are are are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness I mean uh anger and fear fear fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of you know well well well the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have have have our like uh first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered bantered bantered podcast is stencil plus okay you know. So I use stencil plus with my business. They They They made a handicap logo for you know so me amongst other custom logos logos logos and different things for me as well. They have um so the lowest price price price guaranteed guaranteed. They have they have they have free shipping on all orders over $50. You You You can um uh have a free company logo stencil made free and they have have have lots of cool well I mean Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's there's there's thousands of stencils to choose from um well and they can create anything if they they they don't have it already. So if you have um like something very custom you you you want made they will work with you and so okay they listen to their their their customers needs of what they want what they need to okay well work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode episode episode number like like 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week week week to Lugosi. We had a so like great chat and I really enjoyed that show show show and I hope you all did uh um too and usurping, you know, my numbers numbers numbers are good. Thank you thank you thank you very much and I mean you know know know were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to like like like uh people I do this because I love the band. Of talking of of of talking of talking to the bonds okay okay and having a chat with them and and and seeing how to do see if we are uh like kind of of of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that so so so well. So it's awesome. So thanks so thanks so thanks for that. So today so today today today so today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting okay um your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor so you know is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free their creation uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone okay I mean or computer. They'll distribute your your your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify I mean I I I mean Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership listenership listenership uh I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one place. So download the uh I mean free acre app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to so um join in in in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the uh uh uh uh Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you if you if you can't make it check out out out your favourite podcasting okay you know platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time time time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn I mean you know tips and and and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our sponsors the ones well I mean who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting hosting hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free well um podcasting app that allows you to edit edit edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient well you know know know app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast podcast podcast to uh okay Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to to to Spotify your podcast and I mean okay instantly be everywhere at once you upload upload upload it to Anchor or if you want to create so you know your own podcast download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what what what I have okay uh to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen listen listen to what I like well ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad glad glad that everyone is um you know on board and I'm excited for this little journey this this this little educational Journey um you know that we are going to go on together together together. I've done I've done I've done a little eye. Like organizing well um and like like like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've so I've so I've done done done list of you know well how I want it to pan out whether or or or not it pans out like I mean you know that is another story because because because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we so we so we we we well okay shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening listening listening I mean well. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your your your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford you know know know you know in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It It It is Thursday, I mean like March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this this this evening. It's a it's a it's a little I mean well pregame combo combo combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the I mean like like like Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had they had they they they had won three in a um you know row prior The Beat Goes On On On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have well you know to sort of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road I mean mean mean okay that we're key games against teams that were at least on on on par with them Florida you know you know a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead ahead ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver like so who was battling for for for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come so okay up against the the the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are well well well okay out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they they they got so I mean outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this this this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic okay um of today's newsletter is going going going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other like I mean words words words. What are the things? What are what are what are the triggers? What are the the the uh well things that women like about us guys? So what so what what what so what kind of behavior is it that they uh like like so we we we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women um I mean. Well Well Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There like I I I mean are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want want want to well I mean be in a love story. They want to just randomly run run run into some well uh dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make make make eye contact and there's just obviously okay well it happens in such such such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce so so so um our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called it's it's it's called it's called speaking uh uh for the bag. And the reason why why why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty well well self-explanatory. Obviously, we in in in our bag we in the bag we got the bags you know so of cured cured cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money well well off off off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for for for you know so my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy with my voice um um Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here here here is in it like okay for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty pretty pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I mean um I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say just say just say thank thank thank you was the voice of someone so um stealing bed at 5 5 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or yes or yes or or or like I mean no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app app app you just okay okay woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her her her ready and you know like that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we we we choose a subject but we don't I mean you know use the position where you're you're you're going. Wait the wait the wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, you know know know well but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on on on my head um um. Here we go. We all live I welcome all all all welcome everybody doing welcome to the uh so debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your now now now your host the you know uh man taking your health to a whole new new new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're okay um going to talk about the seven seven seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This like well is really about something called cryotherapy cryotherapy cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a um okay crowd chamber for just a a a very small amount of time because it's a very I mean so very cold to to to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept uh you know know know is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that um um um okay that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a a a moderate amount of stress well so to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot lot lot of things that can create this well so effect. This is called hormetic hormetic hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around you know like for eons eons eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck well well well well fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks well well well like official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever whenever whenever possible okay uh feel free to read along with us. If you have have have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive okay well disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick stick stick to the audio. We have free audio I mean so transcriptions for this podcast podcast podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read okay you know instead of of of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have have have well well some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions these these these opinions these opinions may be different you know uh from yours, but we're not attacking the the the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe okay well for work. And if if if and if and if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen I I I mean well until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm I'm I'm okay so wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be be be talking about Dan for sure well I mean. Basically cycle for the club. She don't don't don't know me. You don't you don't you don't know me as your you know know know so own cloud. She might she might she might say this for the cloud money days we we we could dance you know you know for the cloud bitch don't so today we have have have done for sure. He you know okay is the big talker. He is is is the hitter. He is he is he is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night okay um um um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side okay well and and and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines so so so so week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight tonight tonight I mean so. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my my my mom. No, your mom's cool, but like so we're actually talking about an athlete named named named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes you know uh sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner runner runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a so I mean super talented athlete athlete athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned turned on um okay the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's history's history's most legendary footage uh I mean Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface surface surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon um like landing was being filmed live from from from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera um like transferring its signal back to to to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios like uh one in in in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made made made you know I mean it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes tapes tapes for safekeeping. They um I mean sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you are you are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast podcast podcast is brought to um so you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording recording recording hosting in distributing your podcast well so. Best of all, it's a hundred hundred hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now okay like anger can match you you you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your um well podcast. That means you you you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, in fact, in fact, um I I I mean that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before before before but you I mean I mean know, we love using incre you can can can hit record start talking. It stopped save the uh um audio. It's very easy to you you you know, Trim the starting and end points if well you know you want to cut cut cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that uh you know know know as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and and and you know like make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start start start that's anchored uh well FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an an an hour race, Binghamton. We well okay don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess like like like okay what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's that's that's right. If you're if you're if you're looking to um well host your own podcast podcast podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started um like this got a Content Content Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right you know uh uh uh from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there there there so so too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging challenging challenging part, well uh you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and and and get it right I mean like on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any any any other place podcast or founds I mean well And you know what, you can monetize monetize monetize it to make a little cash for sharing well okay your great content with with with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in like so so so one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store okay you you you know download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started. If you're if you're if you're I mean I mean ready to launch your podcast podcast podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek uh uh. This is wien wien wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a its a its a Pokemon podcast starring starring starring me donphan or well uh smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - - - Josh Val said is your um okay actual name. Do you remember what the the the actual name of that? Pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is ho ho no well well well you know. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different different different names you called uh like ho over the course of the season because there's been been been at least ho ho ho okay like Joe. I think you had had had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because well like now it's it's it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network uh uh uh so. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching so I I I mean and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to to to experiencing okay okay the divine. I want I want I want to start by sharing sharing sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla okay I mean that's very close close close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that you you you know so if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means means means you were kind so okay of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like like like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk well um about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a well I mean podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record you know know know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast um well for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple pie case and like okay many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership you know well and it's everything you need to make make make a podcast in one place download I mean well the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to so so so like take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a a a runtime. There's well uh some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos photos photos and we're going to so you know do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after after after that. Let's just let's just let's just call it a rumor all you know so so so that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring so so so like movie discussion news and interview. We talk we talk we talk moving and and and here's pop corn stalks okay I mean Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to to to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome uh so our movie news. We are we are we are are are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one you know um later. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is this is this this this is a podcast all about okay well spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk talk talk about things like the shift from 3D okay I mean divide D Consciousness the nature nature nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the uh uh akashic akashic akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me um um um um today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful beautiful beautiful being you know you know welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank Thank Thank you so much for being I mean like here with me today. I'm really excited to to to have you before we get you know well started. If you if you if if if you want to create me. Go ahead go ahead go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential you know know know okay wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it it it but today uh well it's me back is run out of ways to introduce introduce introduce we can just you know I mean talk to yourself about yourself in the the the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome okay okay. Honestly, we honestly, we honestly, honestly, honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a uh uh uh well break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how how how to plan like like a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going going going to cover off um like planning a wedding when you've got small children and a a a some elements of planning a um I mean wedding when you're pregnant as well well well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we so so so um are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events events events that well you know we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that that that you're good okay uh. It's the it's the it's the intro song inches on on on the addressing. It's the it's the it's the intro song intro song We're We're We're okay you know not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked liked liked it. Yeah, like like welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you you you make us a part of um uh your week. It's so humbling to know that that that I'm always so grateful Brooke uh um less so but me because because because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this you know so so so episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks I mean mean mean um coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are are are so so in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to um um um um man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this begin this this this begin this Thursday, so well March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast podcast podcast on Friday, March 6th I mean um. And as we go through the the the spring, there's going to be a break again after you know um that first practice, practice, practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit like uh as many many many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to so so so I mean the media how many we have Tim we have five open by by by Focus and so um the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in in in the new uh uh facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better better better vantage point. I like well think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours hours hours to get a or like well an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either either either because you can do a little well you know bit on your computer, right? right right Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and okay so can actually work work work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many many many football fans. Favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime uh you know will be analyzing analyzing analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there I I I mean uh invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week week week for so okay the second time. This season is gold head of news and features features features Peter Staunton I mean like. Last time you came on your above Dave Dave Dave despite not touching your team uh I mean since game week one. Yeah, how how how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 37 so um. Million. In the in in in the in the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I I mean mean mean I mean think out of you know, all the people that are still still still interested. I well you know used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from from from the I mean so fact you have a lot of players on your team team team you are playing. Well um well um well um uh the problem there was was was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys I mean like. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted wanted wanted to talk about so so a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days days days since the um well finale and couple things we want to talk about before the the the reunions show just in well um case that It gets wild and we we we don't want to you know, you know uh take up too much time time time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the uh you know internet is is is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now well like like like that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples you you you know you know out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so so so we just want to well so talk about what we found out since the show show show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances fragrances fragrances um okay gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to to to Abercrombiecom so like. And click and click and click Fierce to learn more those those those singers back. Then I mean like like I mean you had they were they all all all came from church, you know, I mean and church okay um was you know, and I I I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you um uh know, the the the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the so so so okay role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you you you know, you okay uh don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few few few here but every you know okay now and again probably last one is its its its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely I mean well fantastic. It's like - that's the last last last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, um I mean but just those those those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we um okay explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to to to welcome to welcome to another installment of Truth okay okay and fire the podcast which which which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off well like. I'm your host host host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you on so like all all all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 2020 2020 on so you know today's episode? We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing the biblical approach to to to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for uh I mean godly encouragement to stay the course course course to get back on track or to uh you know Simply begin your fitness fitness fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about the so uh mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom wisdom wisdom of a mentor you know so to help us focus on what matters and and and avoid costly mistakes yet, too like uh often finding that person. We trust and and and whose experienced is impossible. And then and then and then if we you know like like like do find them then on the other side of the world or is too too too like well expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring mentoring mentoring people now for over you know like 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at at at the start of this year. I've okay like been thinking a lot about about about how I can mentor more people how I can I mean so help more people people people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here here here um well. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions sessions sessions. You can okay well ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the the the world for a fraction okay um of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and on like so behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and and and reading and reading and listening to um okay our show. We hope we hope we hope hope hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review so like the the the podcast. Woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? on on you know like Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your your your hosts are Dana husband so okay here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today today today. We will be you know um discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on on on today's death. I just want like so to share our excitement about our attempt to to to doing a virtual sium. We really looked so so at this as an opportunity to to to hear from everyone who's been learning along with okay so us over the past past past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing I mean um a a a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something you you you know well that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page page page or Whatsapp well so group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm so I mean your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version version version of video that uh I mean we originally published on YouTube here for your listening listening listening convenience. If you like this show, please uh like do consider leaving us a review review review or ever get your podcasts. That would um well be awesome and let's get get get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 okay well internet. And And And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy so so so I mean bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a a a waiter you know um in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Olympics Olympics Massacre of uh so Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing nothing nothing to do with the terrorist attack I mean I mean. And the murder was just another another another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games you know so over the years years years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have have have well um 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the the the list. I okay like will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role which role which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra Ultra Ultra. He also hosts the like so long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast podcast podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism well I mean and ambition the the the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what like like art is thanks so so so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy you know so that that that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's It's It's uh well been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long long long time. So thank so thank so thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is this is this is a podcast from expat International today. We will will will be talking about child well okay sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred occurred occurred in Turkey after the proposal of okay um a Bill, that would have disposed disposed disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their uh uh victims in response response response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 well okay okay okay the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack so so so um Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the the the government well so to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast you know I mean and I want to thank you for listening liking and and and subscribing as so far like so and want to touch another thing that that that I did last week. I made a so like mistake on the the the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put well like out out out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that that that I I mean well said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not it's it's it's not it's not a big difference, but You well you know know my my my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set okay okay it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to to to do well I mean the top 10 that we did for my birthday birthday birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do uh you know it for a week as as as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday okay um. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Introduce Introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say okay okay okay I mean somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat okay you know snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of of of my conversation with Dan Bailey like okay where we discuss five things to avoid avoid avoid when working on a session for an artist uh you know Dan Dan Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first first first well well aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video video video series that like I mean Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his his his own Studio track land in Orange I mean like County in part. One Dan Dan Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and well so ultimately recording a drum drum drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So okay so so so okay so okay well you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part part part two Dives little deeper um well into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications applications applications. You can check those uh uh out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a a a IL e why.com and check uh so them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry deal. My name you know okay is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one one one glass of you know, Verde. I'm like uh two glasses vinho verde in if you you you don't know what vinho Verde is going I mean okay to Trader Joe's Joe's Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom so like shelf. It It It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and if you know okay there's no section for it, it's not like like like you can be like, excuse me uh okay. Where's the vinho Verde Verde Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is like um green wine wine wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which um well is is is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't like well put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank you you know you know. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker coworker coworker. She joins she joins she joins me to like I mean share her emotional story story story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful um uh for this opportunity opportunity opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three okay well well well year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always always always smiling so so. She had she had she had the best sense of humor and and and was just so fun to be um uh around even to this day. She is is is still full of life and so are okay okay her kids. I love her energy energy energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for I mean well Life. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank well, thank well, thank you so much for joining episode episode episode um so 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting sitting sitting down so you know with actor on my heart for a long time. You know know know him from these various well okay parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for for for is the power of methadone Mac uh so on still game since then, he's been in in in a lots of things like car. Of you of you of you know um a rule rule rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a uh um um um few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy guy guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the to the to the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl girl girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was so you know that you're looking at and y'all y'all y'all love this so much we had to I mean so you know, bring it back and and and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about um so. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how you know know know uh entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 4:30 4:30 movie okay um with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman Altman Altman every day I mean uh on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You You You download distro TV stir TV okay okay Zumo TV and soon the electric now app app app and you just have to pick one like I mean. You don't have to to to have all your not them all of them, but it helps so like and you can can can watch us on the Electric now channel don't uh I mean miss us as as as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this this this so well is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie movie movie. And I mean I mean if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick pick pick up my new book so like Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of of of James Bond and spy Mania I mean well. It's a hefty Tom and and and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is so you know Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and and and boy. Do we well uh have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in in in the basement podcast. You can you can you can follow them um you know on Twitter at at at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with uh um um um us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going going going to well well be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally normally normally I normally I normally interview other people. So you know well I'm going to completely screw screw screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on well well the show. And yeah, we're excited excited excited over at Saks in the basement right now where like uh we've been doing doing doing this now for almost two years and it really is like um you know know know a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's it's it's uh you know turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event event event of cork and you know uh Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're we're we're going to be trying out so okay a live broadcast from there through the Pod be be be nap and we're going to be well you know going to two shows a week week week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both both both you know like the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, summer, summer, and I want to okay um help you buy sell and trade your way into a a a collection you'll love. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody uh I mean and thank thank thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask you a a a I mean so question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole whole whole card industry so um went away. Do you think your life would be better better better or worse? I think I mean like if you really stop and think think think about it and honest answer for some like well of you would be yes, I'd I'd I'd be better off if it all went away okay uh and for others you. Fathom Fathom Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try uh okay okay okay make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, well well well like which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit um um um like your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done done done they'll distribute I mean um your podcast for you on Spotify. I will will will podcast in many other places. So download like like the free anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so I mean okay we are going to to to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member okay okay okay so Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni Carboni Carboni. This uh um is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening listening listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league uh um podcast. Fans who fans who fans who are are are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies so like and and and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest okay okay okay um with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the the the new website you know um life and football.com. Once again, the website is life life life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams I mean like. Plus it is Heath roles, roles, roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are so you know behind with with with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a okay um bowl bowl bowl game against Georgia State. This kid this kid this kid is is is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling you know well y'all hand hand hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love like like what they they they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let like uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit uh like your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So uh you know it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money well uh from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts like okay in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the the the FM to like like get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm so um like excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets you know you know. Love Theology and health because because because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money uh uh you have have have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life your uh so professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's America's America's okay well largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with with with professionalism so uh and an intense customer focus. They provide they provide they provide provide provide a top-notch user experience and have a you know so great selection of pools pools pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable I mean like like like altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in in in so so October. So be so be so be sure to go and check check check them out. We are incredibly grateful like so that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the the the show going into 2020. We would love it um okay if you as listeners listeners listeners would support the show by Ting them you can you know uh find them online online online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at so um um um Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best best best I mean I mean crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on on on today's episode mean hash and well so I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk talk talk we talk we talk about building communities around proof I mean okay of work work work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about uh uh Prague pal pal pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into into into well you know the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple temple temple at the you know well time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now Now Now a now a now a man who was lame from birth like I mean was was was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put like you you you know every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he he he saw Peter so well and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter Peter Peter looks That I mean uh him as did John then Peter said look at at at us. So the man gave them his well um attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York York York City in the okay so aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode Episode Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat um you know fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997 1997 1997. There was a sharp decline in okay okay wall Street's interest in the region and in in in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan well uh was mired in Endless Endless Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon so so row of empty empty empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating well okay okay okay peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a a a bit okay well of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when when when no one okay uh else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started Started Started to bloom it my fund we well um already had FX in the region but but but back in those days. It was almost like well so the trading job job job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph you know know know uh podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how how how well like was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got got got you got you got well so to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in in in Florida. I know it is rough okay well being back here in PA, but but but it was all right. I can't I can't I can't complain man, like you you you know you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando Orlando Orlando um you know who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing hide and um so seek and they have internal and and and oh, I don't know if you should go back to well well Florida. It is is is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and like like sunshine and and and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First First First like well of all going to look at a summary of what happens in in in seems one and two you know I mean of act three scene one begins begins begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King well okay Banquo speaks to himself. He's He's He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the so uh crown. He He He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote I mean mean mean you know still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He He He calls well uh bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like like like his best uh you know friend. Of course that's out on a horse horse horse ride with fails. Macbeth and I mean uh speaks in another city liquid. He He He says that having the crown is not um so enough. He must he must must must he must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be um you know know know safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to to to his crown you know um saying there is none but he whose being I I I do fear Macbeth you know so noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would would would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I wait, I wait, I want it put this one behind me too too too. So, I'm right I mean uh. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you you you don't want to be like I don't uh well be drowsy heat alert, right? Here Here Here we go. Welcome back to question the I mean like self you've reached episode to my my my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake um I mean the sleeping sleeping sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a you know okay okay okay beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life um um um so and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up up up trouble but just like uh because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her her her life and saved I mean I mean her life and those beliefs Map Map Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey okay okay okay uh of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of of of the I mean like perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could could could be changed by embracing. The okay so simple fact that we all only have have have one life and that none of us like okay are promised another day on this this this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of um um our current health status after all all all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or like um the the the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next next next so like year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make make make you happy and you okay like certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size size size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview um like people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views views views and opinions and uh I mean expertise you would like to share with the the the world? Well anchor is the easiest way okay you know to make a podcast. That's all all all making this podcast. Anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives you everything you uh okay need in one one one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device so I mean mean mean or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast podcast podcast like um sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast podcast podcast apple podcast Google podcast and uh um so many more and the best part you you you can easily make money with your you know well podcast with no minimum listenership. So So So go download the app anchor or go to ANC I mean uh hor hor hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 like so so so of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm so I'm so I'm going going going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name name name is Kelly um um Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time first-time first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host you know like Steve now we are are are so we had a plan for today and as well uh is typical with my my my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus like well out out out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to to to uh uh have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California California California well uh. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where where where the clock is Coronavirus like you know is originated. I think that we need no no no well, like have you been watching I mean well United States? I think I I I think I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you you you like um they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad glad glad we've got like so the experts we have here today to talk to us. So So So today we are like I mean joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the I mean mean mean so topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What What What okay what okay what okay so kind of interesting email here from a guy who who who writes in thanking me for like you know my work and telling me how how how just in a short period of time. He's I mean well in a situation where I I I guess his he's been married. And he's and he's and he's in the so I I I mean process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He He He you know okay found out she was having an emotional affair with some other other other guy apparently um like. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his his his approach. He still moving forward with so you know the divorce, but the interesting interesting interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and you know well hooking up with with with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening what's happening what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of of of health and Hospital podcast with um well only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are are are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but so um if man were here episode episode episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some so you know contest Soma Soma Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it um um um okay was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four four four I mean like weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now now now and telling the last uh you know year so but interesting how we actually got got got go to my I don't remember you know you know that day like yesterday device device device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping so okay on the the the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the so okay okay okay world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place place place I mean uh and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat beat beat you to your you know so knees and keep you there permanently. If you let let let it you me or nobody is okay so gonna hit as hard as life, but but but it ain't about how hard you hit it's so so about how hard you you you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can um well well well take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you you you know so like what you're worth then go out and get what you're you're you're worth. But you um uh gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers fingers fingers saying you ain't where well like you wanna be because of him or her her her or anybody cowards do that. And that you know you know ain't you you you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit um okay and keep moving moving moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We We We know it's Ryan okay well crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it it it. And we're and we're and we're I think timed it I mean uh perfectly. All All All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days okay you know. Yeah four days days days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be well okay releasing releasing releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday you you you know you know here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to it's to it's to say say say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week like well mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, I don't know what that means I mean mean mean okay. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not it's not it's it's it's not super Tuesday. Oh, okay okay whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your your your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were they were they were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I I I well well believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to to to join this week because so okay he is on spring break. He's living living living it up in Spain. What up Christian uh okay are you doing? But this week week week we have three very special guests from Lehigh um uh University. Number one, Matt Fisher Fisher Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from from from okay um the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky uh uh uh well. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra bra bra one like like man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what what what really happened to Betty well you know Gale Brown that night to hear more more more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on I mean like Spotify or Wherever you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder um um um um case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and and and okay you know assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for for for children you know um under 13. On an on an on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast is in in in conjunction with I mean well the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year year year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 well you know in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a a a conference is the first one to solely focus so okay on social engineering and open open open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators okay uh always seemed seemed seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those um so stories stories stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill you know uh uh uh a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings um so so so us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves well um. No No No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes um okay okay okay some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay or reflect I mean like those of the company and its management for their their their more the views and opinions of the I mean okay guests and the colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's you know know know okay. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today so so so like we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th 20th 20th century like uh. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked locked locked inside this enormous well okay glass dome for two years just to see what would would would happen. And as you'd imagine I mean okay it all went a little bit Lord Lord Lord of the Flies. I think things started um like to get a bit uncomfortable rarely rarely rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think I mean um we all knew instinctively that that that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello hey, hello hey, hey, hey, hello and welcome to I want um okay to be your Canary. There's a final final final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple like so States. Got it and and and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's you you you know so time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You You You sound like well okay you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back back back to another episode uh you know of I don't want to put my microphone. We're We're We're not in the new studio uh uh yet because we had a little bit bit bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog like so that we posted at at at by the time you listen to this a few weeks okay so ago we found Mice Mice Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold well um um um for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, I mean mean mean like we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in in in three so okay different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all all all of them so high um okay so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't seen you in like a week okay like and a half half half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this this this episode like you know is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of of of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode I mean like 8 and it's it's it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick uh so around around around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our Our Our I our I our I mean okay best moments are best lines of of of the episode. So be sure to stick around for you know I mean that. We We We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win I mean mean mean okay a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter to enter enter enter to enter just written comments on like okay our iTunes page and and and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending we're extending we're extending this contest you you you know uh to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of of of time as so I mean always to or containing listeners in a brand brand brand new ones. Thank you thank you thank you for joining like you know us. Don't Don't Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get like um into the episode episode episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you um uh think? think think It was it was it was it was good? It was really good good good. They're a couple things that um you know I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters sisters sisters Alex and Sarah like okay Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect reflect reflect on their own you know you know Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get you know so eliminated and and and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week you you you know well and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised. This episode well um includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive offensive offensive. We uh uh advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the the the mid-1960s I mean I mean at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for for for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader like I mean. Our 30 year old Sonny Sonny Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the well so Oakland Oakland Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's That's That's what he'd say you know you know. As Sonny as Sonny as Sonny Sonny Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured um um um I mean a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity Christianity Christianity and um well other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of of of Satanism and order to reinvent so like religion for myself. Okay story time. I was was was driving to visit a friend while like okay listening to to the excellent album hearts of of of No Light by shamash, which I you know okay highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in in in particular and blew out one of the speakers well I mean in my car. My My My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So uh like instead of of of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's well so so so only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm so so so you know not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor okay like dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the the the best way to you know well download and record your podcast podcast podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on well okay Spotify put put put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's uh it's it's it's uh it's uh you know by far the best platform I've used. I've used other other other platforms, and I'm so happy well you know I stuck with anchor. So make sure sure sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested like okay in doing podcast. Hit Hit Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? okay uh How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's so here's so here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a a a partner, and that you know uh partner has another partner that person by the the the way, for those of you don't know okay so has a special term. It's called metamour. That That That is the special word for your you know like partner's partner. So your partner's dating dating dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in okay um a relationship with your partner partner partner. And so you have a metamour and you uh I mean want to know this person person person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe um um you're really into into into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on I mean like like like such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in in in so uh someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and and and hang okay I mean out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang gang gang up on your I mean okay partner from time to time or have have have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked that you're joining me this this this morning for today's like so in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is is is all things travel during okay I mean chasing an action taking I'm excited to to to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to you know like find out what creative creative creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have well you you you know previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group group group uh uh of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds sounds sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the you know uh podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks Thanks Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda like you know know know coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot alot alot of people these these these days. Yeah, you should Park you know like ourselves off when our laptops and a a a lot of people come through and sort so so of asked what we're doing and and and get Chapman figure out. You got a few um okay things in common. And And And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes so okay in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and and and I opened well like it. I was I was I was reading it through and it it it said if anyone ever comes well well to you saying all is well. They're from from from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind you know um of have that habit of of of of of telling us all is well and okay you know your own words. And And And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there well okay good angels and and and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there I mean like is is is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what and what and and and what we've um okay noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing standing standing in a place where you know uh they are not allowing their alignment alignment alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in I mean like vibrational alignment with the well-being well-being well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful uh you know know know place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta well well well uh gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to to to so well be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be be be introducing waking youth. How you know so did I come up with this idea? And And And what and what and what waking youth is all about so so so over the the the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was you know I mean mean mean thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when uh uh uh I mean I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I I I was I mean uh also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and and and very anxious and uh so I realized that a lot of my friends were were were also feeling like this because we're um like obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement announcement announcement um uh. I wanted I wanted I wanted to let you all know know know that we have joined the like um Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you so um know, I am both both both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance well romance well romance romance romance okay like is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of of of many kinds of genre well uh. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes writes writes romance knows the value of self-care uh I mean. So we're really excited to to to be a part of this community. If you're into romance I mean you you you know in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one one one so I mean of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast podcast podcast you know like about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have I I I have I have been on it a couple of times. We love we love we love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content I I I mean um about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into into into some of uh like the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal normal normal Crimes of Passion episode I mean um. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes themes themes covered across the park as Network uh well. We've collected short clips from from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore um um um um ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True Crime uh like world really is you can find these original episodes for for for free on Spotify like you know or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of of of episodes that we used will be like you know posted in the description today today today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and like I I I mean you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you you you uh well guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here here here at um well 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong wrong wrong with us. We literally like um literally make the goal every morning to wake up up up at 5:00. Like this like this like this is some you know okay sight. It It It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we so okay okay okay just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do we do it everyday though though though. Sometimes I mean like eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're we're we're glad to have you with us um okay again. And it's the whole crew crew crew here today and we're going to do uh like this ourselves in a a a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've like well been at at at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 so I I I mean or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out out out there to I mean you know correct us, you know, occasionally we do say say say things that are not correct often okay you know speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct correct correct each other in the course of the show, uh I mean but that just has has has because we do is almost zero prep. We just we just we just just just kind of um okay come from wherever we are and we sit down and and and and I think most of the you know so time we do catch each each each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad never never never glad never glad well okay. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to to to Glenn. I'm glad like um you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've I've I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week week week late. I was okay well supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week week week I came to New Orleans my well uh hometown and it was mighty grind. It It It was just a lot of stuff going on like um and I could have have have recorded like the days after but I had so so you know know know much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap pap pap. Smear so like I have errands to run I was linking with people that that that I see in a while you know um. Basically, I really didn't have time and and and then I'm staying in New Orleans and uh okay my mom house and then then then my brother's over here and nephews and it like so be loud like I'm I'm I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and like um no one's one's one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record record record so like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna well like and and and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it uh uh uh well raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk talk talk like you know about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful mindful mindful of like like before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample sample sample known truth well so because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at at at Massaquoi lastly. Views okay uh and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be be be any are not automatically endorsed by us? okay uh Okay now that's weird. It's time time time it's time it's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips dips dips episode um so 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker broker broker. I I mean like was right. Yeah. Boom one boom one boom one for one one one. Love it. Justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson here already typed in so so so well there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro intro intro next time okay um. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining joining joining us via you know so Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's It's It's going great. It's starting to well well warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's it's it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, like you know but you can tell it's like like like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used uh so to being known known known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been um um positive positive positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that well well well like. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether Whether Whether it whether it whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode includes well like depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise advise advise Extreme Caution for you know I mean children under 13. There's something there's there's there's something there's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the the the holidays okay um the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the the the snow-covered World feels like okay okay a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up up up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's so I mean fun to have a friendsgiving with your your your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat so like junk food and and and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk so um to the the the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like seems like seems like a bad bad bad choice, okay you know but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges she urges she urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a like like like um straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and yes, and yes, and then moving moving moving I came back with so you know hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those those those hot dogs were so good man that day so well at the space amusement amusement amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of uh I mean us us us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might you might you might want want want to cool with that so um funnel cake. We all know are you get what you you you have to watch funnel cake um so typically. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I definitely remember remember remember that because you're the only person I know who well I mean loves funnel cake more more more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down down down I mean okay the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's today's today's episode we go back um okay to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's Simpson's Simpson's criminal trial where he was well um acquitted on two counts of murder, but but but he also had another trial two years later I mean you know if you enjoyed the the the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for okay um more shocking sports events from from from history on our March. Edna special as always um um you can listen free free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of um so viewers had gathered gathered gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew like like like well ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My My My like so name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the the the last few precious minutes so uh of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes becomes becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you can uh I mean no longer longer longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag your well so aching body body body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your so okay okay okay data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you you you so I mean dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed programmed programmed voice responds okay like with the exact percentage chance it will rain and and and the precise temperature you don't remember so uh exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you you you remember it was cold yesterday and dress well you know accordingly you check your your your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr well okay. Brian Havas Havas Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr you know okay okay okay. Carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo to discuss glial okay so cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future future future of neuromodulation uh well. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Vallejo he Is the okay I mean man the myth the legend behind stem stem stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for okay uh stem Jackson Millennium Pain Pain Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic like you know know know for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 so okay of the the the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator well okay okay okay of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is um um um I mean all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent sent sent in by an so um underscore Austin in do thank you so much for for for this idea because he I mean uh noticed that most of my Programs and pretty pretty pretty much all the workouts. I put I mean so out our mixed in in in some form of a circuit. So you want to I mean um know why that is is is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is I mean I mean mean mean it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down down down you know like the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you you you know, well you know all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around around around real life factors. I think I think I think you know you know so, so, so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and so so so you know why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As As As always as always as always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as as as and as and as uh like you can see, my energy is on on on such a different level than it was for you know you know episode 1 1 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many so um great compliments compliments compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our I mean mean mean well app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book okay okay okay so summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or or or well um commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes minutes minutes instead of hours I mean um. Go to go to go to to to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the well so Fine Art Art Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick so so so so read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight overweight overweight you know um shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class class class. It was like well when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her her her birthday party okay okay that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting your own well okay podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor is well okay the way to do it. That's actually that's actually that's actually what we we we use to host this podcast well um. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that that that was made on anchor we just download our like like audio upload it it it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit you know um go go go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google you you you know uh Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of of of All uh well it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile mobile mobile app I mean so on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio radio radio. We appreciate each and you know um every one of you guys listening to the the the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this without I mean so you you you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review I I I mean um join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all all all the pertinent Links so well at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me you know I mean explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your okay I mean podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it well I mean can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money um so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to make a podcast well well in one place download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor FM to get well well arted Penis, hello everybody and and and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today so well on our show. We have have have we have we have we it's called speaking for the bag. We I mean mean mean so have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you if you if you struggle to get your workouts in if you you you want to do some workouts at so you know home, if you are a a a mom with kids and you really really struggle to so like find the the the time or if you travel a lot then you need this um like plan plan plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again again again so okay. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week four-week four-week plan which consists okay like of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You You You also you also you also get access to like okay the audio trainer app. Which Which Which has all video tutorials of how to do um uh every single single single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa like like like okay you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment equipment equipment um um and stuff that you can find around the house. And so so so if you answered yes well well to any of them questions at the start start start go and get the planet is um okay also 50% off at the moment moment moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but so um um um here we go. So today so today so today came across something pretty pretty pretty special. Let's just make this one like well on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable uncurable uncurable. So this last week I decided like like you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll I'll I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you well well know. Oh, here we go go go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie okay well out. Hell, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler um like since a a a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living like okay and while while while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character you know know know like to my life, right? So he's so he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want like like like like to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think think think it's kind you know you know of funny actually to be honest with you, but but but I'm one of my last uh you know Whatever you want to call it it it one of my last pump and dumps that okay like I dealt with before before before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about well uh my age age age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one okay um of the dumbass dumbass dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that I mean mean mean I mean was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio radio radio. We're up to like I mean episode 17 which has been a lot of fun fun fun and we're certainly getting through these you know you know episodes but we get get get to meet and interact with a lot of different people like okay. And today today today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of of of um you know grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank Thank Thank you for having I mean I mean me. No worries at all. It's it's a a a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end uh uh uh you know. Oh, no. Oh no oh no oh no find yourself Asians Asians Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving um I mean Grace Lord and repent repent repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about like uh it's about about about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the uh uh uh uh beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There There There will uh I mean be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following that like you know way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, shit, shit, uh well you know where else far far away where it takes us months to to to create new so so merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and and and it's popping / so like stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it it it. You well well guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, agah, agah, Mi L. We finally got um uh our shit together. We got that shit shit shit together with the help of Jackie well well for Designing it. Thank you you you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you you know okay Jackie. Love you. There's There's There's so there's so there's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 20 you know know know well. Simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? live live Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess vigeland uh okay the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're we're we're uh so going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can can can stay uh I mean ahead of the curve the first episode of the think think think with Google podcast drops on uh well March 5th. You can listen on Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma well I mean is reply reply reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going going going like um to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember remember remember but maybe um um don't know the details of okay, so last spring I I I went to a therapist so well because I was having hard time with a a a bunch of stuff and I was you know I mean complaining to to to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did what did what did I say to to to ya penitential good stuff Episode I mean so 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends friends friends the podcast for a talk to people like so much more interesting than myself. I'm joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll I'll I'll okay well listen. So how so how so how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage mortgage. I'm on the first amount of well I mean often the focus. Thank you very much for for for having me alone. We well we well we well um were just discussing how how how this is a test of your own medicine because you run okay uh around around around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give Give Give us a you know well call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be be be somebody that answers questions. But you know like here we are. So I'll give it it it give it my best real lovely. I so uh also feel bad as as as well because obviously this morning you were on the road I mean uh. It was was was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio okay I I I mean ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I I I I mean um was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I I I was on okay um really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is this is this is Mack Wilds from the guys guys guys next door and I'm here to well um tell you about our family family family what you guys the reason why you are listening to okay well the guys next next next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out okay like there there there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard well okay okay okay out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest easiest easiest way to uh like make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation Creation Creation tools that allow um so you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or or or your computer anchor will I mean like also distribute your podcast for you. So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple so so podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and and and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you could so um really really really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you you you need well you know to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our our our ideas come from um okay today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is is is founder and CEO of the uh uh gradient a creative recruiting platform before that that that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the well I mean brand side at companies companies companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters okay I mean at at at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter copywriter copywriter I mean um and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World World World. They um uh joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient gradient gradient in the okay uh coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our our our conversation. Love told us why I mean I mean she wanted to start the the the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey hey hey just hey just jokes listeners you know well before we get into this this this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our well so sponsor. Anchor if if if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make so uh a podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it I mean you you you know. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right from like okay your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets for you like you know can be heard. On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast anything else and you can make money you know well from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make so so a podcast podcast podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to like well well well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That I mean well well well was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I I I started well um sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have I have I have to admit that without the Clones it would would would not have been so um a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory victory victory the shroud of the dark side I mean well Has Fallen Begun the Clone Clone Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions you know like. This This This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling um um um um the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your your your host Madison well I mean and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very well well well well very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean ocean ocean paddlers in like uh the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today today today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand well so champion and probably one of the the the best foilers in the world. He does a so like bit of everything. But the the the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not well um just because he's he's he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things so I mean off the the the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate well well well I mean. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So So So you'd you know like In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit bit bit of wind coming on the weekend so like 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven well so days days days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to well I I I mean be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name um okay is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here here here today. We have we have we have okay well Rebecca. We have AC AC AC and we have myself. So we so we so we um, this is an an an you know uh interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because because because we so I was sick like like two weeks ago. I was sick two two two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then I mean like and last last last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one one one okay I mean podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing it in like like a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 27th, 27th, 1805. The men the men the men of Lewis you know you know and Clark's Clark's Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the like well Missouri River River River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the the the sleeping uh you know men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder intruder intruder was in their midst. Under the you know uh cover of Darkness a grizzly grizzly grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that well uh had been been been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on okay well some some some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know so uh uh uh that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you if you if you you you haven't heard about anchor well well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that okay like allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing well um this ad from my phone phone phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast podcast podcast for uh so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and many more you can okay like make money from your podcast with no no no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk I mean um. It's everything you need to to to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app so okay or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the the the show I mean okay. Wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 95 95 coming at you. We're hitting we're hitting we're hitting you with a you know you know know know combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in in in Indianapolis um um what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast where uh you know we talk to you about how you can start and grow grow grow your hardscaping business okay so in this week. We are we are we are going going going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day well well this week. You are are are you are you are likely going to get an episode based on the topic topic topic of marketing um like. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this this this week is well like starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime longtime longtime friend okay okay of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here here here to talk with us about like so acquiring the right type of Clients for for for your business not just any clients, but the okay like best clients into your your your business. How do I identify them and how to get them I mean like like like into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome I I I mean I mean interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado Ado Ado here is our interview with well uh Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison Morrison Morrison. He is a business development manager for uh I mean intrigued media a a a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a so so so so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record so well and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will distribute um uh your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many you know so other platforms. You can make money from your podcast podcast podcast with no minimum and our listenership is you know so everything you need to make a a a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor you know okay app or go to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the okay okay node or or or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a uh uh uh uh player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? this this I don't okay so have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to the podcast like okay. So a big question that I get either either either via email or over on our YouTube um like channel is from people that are are are just getting started with their online store and they uh I mean want to to to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind I I I mean um of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to to to pick uh so a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all all all that stuff. You can okay well learn more about on my free training training training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a I mean like link to that in in in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once uh I mean you know all all all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the uh you know business business business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done okay okay okay well before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before before before you you know uh get your first sale? So I want to cover a a a business checklist in this podcast I mean you know go over a couple different options options options you have and then let you know what I do you know like and what what what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad I I I mean um human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were were were doing. I did two you know uh very much so good. Yes good good good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi okay okay everyone. We are back with with with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys so you know. Hi Johnny Johnny Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable um um um like break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because because because I mean okay you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year year year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just just just a quick pause here during our lesson I mean well on English to tell tell tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is like okay actually the tool. I I I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if like um you are listening to to to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is what is is is what is anchor okay okay anchor is a free free podcast tool that that that you can use to create and record okay I mean and edit. Build your your your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor um so distributes your podcast for for for you. So I don't have to track down apple and so I mean Spotify and and and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just I just I I I just kind so I mean of click the button and it goes all by itself. You You You can make money okay like from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing hearing hearing right now is an ad uh I mean that I've written for them so so so that I can make a little bit of money uh I mean off of of of this podcast. That's why that's why that's why it's free, right? I can can can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th uh okay okay okay episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show like like like I mean. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to to to talk uh well Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Bryant Bryant Denver at Notre so okay Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at at at Maryland. Yell at um well Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse to sneak into this I mean I mean show here before I get into it as as as always be sure to like subscribe hit well you know the notification Bell and then then then go to lacks factor.com. You can you can you can get yourself some so so so I mean swag t-shirts. We have we have we have all sorts of of of t-shirts and we're building on you know you know that every single day and then then then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by well well far far far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads you you you know like shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go so go so go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more more more like hahaha. They literally they literally they literally uh um named it. The deus the the the deus the deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey Hey Hey everybody. Welcome okay okay back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better better better spaced apart my words because you know you know Nick was saying I was was was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this this this you know okay is my little kind of I guess you could say pod pod pod the caste. So I you know like would say if there is anyone listening thank thank thank you for tuning in. We just we just we just need tuning well so so so in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast um okay okay okay about well, let me tell you as you can. See the see the see the the the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm I'm so I mean going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk talk talk about a statement well well from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship relationship relationship whether it's an open relationship well you know with that. I don't know how it it it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome well like to the quickie and first before before before we get into the show, if you haven't okay okay heard about anchor anchor anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make uh um a podcast podcast podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's uh uh uh you know free. It's free it's free it's free to download is free to be chord chord chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations okay uh. Anyway, why not record it and make make make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools so like that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer so so so uh. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I I like okay have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before before before we talk about okay uh like life. So last episode we both talked about about about how we were reading the Jessica uh so Simpson book open book Shay. My My My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say like uh anything in case you you you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell okay um me if you you you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's I mean okay okay okay back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under under under a rock right now I mean I mean. I even went to his his his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to like um see if people were were were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I I mean okay read read read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I I I well so don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out out out was podcast. I'm here like so with Hannah burner from summer house house house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think uh well you guys will will will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I um you know can't can't can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah you you you know so from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for for for having me feels okay um like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never you know okay safe safe safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for um well coming coming coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel feel feel you know uh like you're what I would be if I moved to LA LA LA like you're uh like an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if if if I stop being you know so such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode This I mean uh is actually going to be the heroes for Life show show show that we do once um like a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So So So I'm just about to go uh okay live with him right now. And And And this and this and this is what you're going to be hearing. So So So uh so uh so uh like if you missed the live, this is your your your opportunity to listen back on it so okay. So here so here so so so here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to to to um uh get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not not not connecting and there is uh I mean what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up up up an embargo um okay episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks stocks stocks this month. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, okay well March Madness nothing going basketball fan fan fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look anyway Look anyway Look similar similar similar you know you know Tayo with PLC. So premium so premium so premium premium premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous so uh Lisa is is is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate well you know know know Channel 1993. I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr dr dr so like. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment moment moment. We know we know we know that in like so the United States the death death death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know I mean like that those cases cases cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle uh uh. Most have occurred. The The The number of infections in the United States overall have uh I mean climbed past a a a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in like um Washington Washington Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not uh uh uh um the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in in in North Carolina well um and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State State State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah you know like the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You You You know, no rush. Here we here we here we I mean uh go. Get Get Get into it. Here we go. Talk about talk about talk about some things today we we we go well um get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system system system that's running the whole you know uh game around us right now. That's why you you you have a Mac bitter truth to break uh you know it down and and and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my okay okay okay okay God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't I mean mean mean like get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You You You know what well like I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that that that I get into is you know you know what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with you know like Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is is is actually talk about um um but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast podcast podcast. Oh, yes, he came okay you know up with that. He came up with a word word word awkward in our acronyms. So I mean I mean very proud of that. Okay. Tell Tell Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, um you know Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm uh uh uh uh studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm uh like from from from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport with um well an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses stewardesses stewardesses as he you know I mean passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of of of his security badge. He was like well a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by by by all the flight Personnel like uh. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Eastern Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to okay so Miami. This wasn't unusual unusual unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets so well to to to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look so uh uh uh at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly well well well I mean assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located located located next so like to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take please take please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank Thank Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome like um to the passing shot Novak Djokovic Djokovic Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top you know like in in in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome okay okay okay uh to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans fans fans with your host you know I mean Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're going we're going we're going to be digesting well I mean the last couple couple couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was Was Was well okay been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt belt belt under Professor Aldo so so Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of of of CJ of Texas in well I mean Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from from from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and so well eventually down to me in the the the deep is my weekly podcast that I named I mean you know to pay homage homage homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some okay um topics rarely rarely rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, uh uh uh you know but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect respect respect just to name a so you know few join me each week as I I I dive into these topics and much more now you know like stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs you you you know okay Beauty. It's not it's not it's not just lipstick its business. We will will will share a thought provoking conversations with business okay so and Beauty professionals. Our goal goal goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take like like your business business business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited excited excited uh um to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Angie Angie Deepa uh I mean teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from from from Toronto Canada and she works you know well on a variety of of of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She so well also does weddings and and and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's I mean okay a full-time full-time full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you like like like well guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before before before this episode starts uh um. I just I just I just want to to to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is um so called catch open open open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, well well well well what like catching up with friends. Just talking just talking just talking about random stuff, stuff, stuff, you know catch well uh up with me sounds like a good title. But But But then as I recorded the well um past few episodes, I've noticed something something something I started to figure out what the well so theme of this podcast should be be be. So if you know notice a lot of the things uh um that we covered covered covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and um okay okay okay things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with with with that okay like said the new title of the podcast will be basically basically basically growing up. I finally okay um figure out what the theme of this podcast should should should be. So basically so basically so basically growing up so so is going to to to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share okay so what what what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the like like like I mean upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and and and I'm your you know I mean boy Brett and the boys are back in town town town baby episode 4. So we've okay I mean got a little bit of news nothing nothing nothing crazy. And then we're going to um uh get into our AL East and at at at least predictions and stats and all that stuff um I mean. So the only only only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are you are you are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel so okay. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring staring staring at him. He's there on the you know okay floor and he's giggling every every every once in a while and hopefully going to let me well like do this this this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I like okay am going going going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house like uh some of of of the questions that I get about buying an old house and like I I I mean some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking thinking thinking about purchasing okay so an old house and then make sure to stay stay stay all the way to the end okay uh because I just started a new segment segment segment. This is the first episode that I'm um um doing it where I I I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom um so of of of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me okay okay okay um as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching coaching coaching newsletter and the topic so so of today's newsletter is going to be struggling struggling struggling with my purpose in life. This is you know um something that I think pretty pretty pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is well um you're not going to stay stay stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel I mean you know like like like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to so okay okay okay feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really great and so uh you're going to be full of passion and feel feel feel inspired. And other and other and other days it's going okay well to feel hopeless hopeless hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous you know like hopeless hopeless hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life life life telling so you know you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or or or that business you want uh you know to build or that career you want to to to have is just unrealistic well I mean for you. So I've got an email email email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is is is this is this is you know you know just March. This is March. This is is is stopped episode 4 and like we have um well described in the last couple couple couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the like you know show. And And And this and this and this is the first show that we are doing in the the the greatest month um I mean that we have on the calendar and as I've I've I've always stated it is the uh so goal of this show to give the the the college basketball fan the best coverage that well okay he or she can get on on on a regular basis and you think about the you know okay idea of transcending a a a space and you think about the great speeches that we have I mean um had in in in our great country. History President history President history President Kennedy being sworn into office office office some of the um you know great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable memorable memorable life and that brought like so me on the ride over to the studio today to to to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the the the wife to a like okay motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and and and one princess Addison also known as you know uh her a team and I I I wonder with all those a names do okay well you get them all mixed mixed mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree like you know in criminal justice. She She She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the um uh beach coffee with with with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and you know um um um her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California California California. However, she okay okay feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen amen amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am not dead dead dead. This is Bryson and I'm here well you know with Alonzo my first love. How How How are how are how are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are okay you know you you you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in in in your room um uh or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your Your Your first love is I mean okay always like you never forget your first right? I feel feel feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium medium medium and okay okay together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of of of tough choices in it so you know. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the the the subject of payment, but I okay I mean don't have I'm not asking much much much just a token really a trifle what like so I want from you you you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have you know um um um your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are are friends like okay from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you you you are here with us today, well like and we hope you enjoyed this podcast podcast podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming so um from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally normally normally we are together today and feeling so so you know excited to to to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true true true I mean you know. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking speaking speaking are true too. True like uh. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're we're we're going to talk about our story for okay so a minute. Yeah, so we we we were thinking I don't care. How do we so well express this? How do how how how do how do we what do we think of what we title this? this this And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is why Shaggy are first of all, all, all, I would like to okay well encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor Todd FM to uh um get started on this. It has has has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, okay well well well you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it um I mean mean mean like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download I I I mean so the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click click click post uh so and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish it in all so uh the major podcast sides. You know you know you know know know apps that are available and I do not need uh uh to do anything else else else. So this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also so you know know know need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some uh like come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world or simply um um want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone. Welcome to I mean like buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted restarted restarted my uncle more than uh like a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really I really I really really really hope you enjoy this um like one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and and and share it on social um so media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four four four three two, if it's Facebook, it's I mean I mean Olivia Towers dressage dressage dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would okay you know love love love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think think think of um I mean it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with with with Towers. This one is with the uh okay lovely Danny Morgan. I know I I I know I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those of I mean you know the company and its management for their more the views views views and opinions of the um I mean guests and the colors do not reflect those those those of the DJ's the regular program the so okay management and the network. Balala power power power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on I mean so but but but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell cell cell um uh and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why why why behind what keeps Runners so well running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt Levitt Levitt. I've been running for a like um few years now and have the privilege of of of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all so uh across the country. This This This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I like uh am am am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's It's It's so I mean a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's let's let's start with let's start with an so you know intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am am am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What What What you I mean uh know, you can't explain. But you but you but but but you feel it. You felt you felt you felt it your entire I mean mean mean like life. That there's that there's that there's something wrong with this world. You don't don't don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have you you you know well our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my my my best buddy, I mean you know my best friend good friends of ours and both both both of them - yeah, um you know so we want to talk to them because because because they are the key ingredients to this major uh um event coming up in in in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the well I mean mean mean bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a a a whole weekend you know I mean. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy boy boy Deluxe 20 along well well with D4. And today we brought in a special special special guest from way back in the day uh okay. So stay tuned with us us us and find out who it is. All right. So our special so so so so guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How okay okay okay how okay how okay so are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long long long time no see yeah, it's been well okay it's been a minute, right? It has it it it has it has been a hot minute like nine years. I know I I I know I know like I mean it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you you you every once in a okay um while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff stuff stuff like that. So not uh well as much I guess for you and and and I but as far as like you know playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's It's It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch. I'm always like okay amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed amazed amazed with your hosting skills. I okay so mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I I I was tuning you out. I've already I've already I've already listened to you uh well well well enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go I I I mean like over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams teams teams play for the last uh you know five weeks, but we got hero pools now now now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the I mean well ends. The fuck do do do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were I mean you know know know like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now so so so now so now you're actually targeting you know um me during the podcast when I saw saw saw you live say I did not that bad well you know. But what I'm doing is is is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities you know well about picking Rhino Rhino Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring happy with my my my selections um I mean about you. You were the worst I couldn't think think think of to like, I woke up uh I mean this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on on on well I mean this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the the the creator I mean I mean of your own reality and it would be fair to to to say to you blessed uh so beans that you are you are in in in the process of creating most of you two realities um uh contrast is causing you you you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source so like. In In In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well Well Well I mean well being that you are and you are also in the process process process of creating the reality I mean um of how you feel right now this this this red hot minute and we want those realities to like okay merge and the only way way way that those realities can merge is for you to come with I mean mean mean okay us in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going going going well um to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see see see them not I mean uh we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not we're not we're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode you know well well well includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We um okay advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year year year old Alia ta was okay you know searching through her closet looking for something something something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her well like phone buzzed with the text text text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what uh okay she was was was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had they had had had they had just like um started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few few few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but uh um Ali didn't want to be rude. So So So she so she so she replied to Michelle's message telling her like like like okay she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that that that would be the so you know end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously and obviously and obviously I'm I'm I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the okay okay Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, Hey, Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting I mean like here. Here. We are are are we are we are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It It It I mean okay has. Hi guys. So good so good so good to see see see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm um okay with blind. I Do's Do's Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is so well that that that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the okay okay okay so family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing seeing seeing Nick and Vanessa actually you know like talk with the contestants and be be be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is is is um um intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any any any reference to um uh artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in in in nature and is I mean um not intended to offend or defame as as as such all reporting is based on the sequence I mean so of events reported reported reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or okay I mean mean mean recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been well well well you know recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised advised advised. Hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its Its Its heroines I mean like week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine heroine heroine start brushing um you know on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the the the outside in the like uh chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we we we talk about heroic women from well well history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a a a brave hero who may have helped save okay like America. We don't know exactly exactly exactly what happened. But this is the story that people okay so have told about what what what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America you know you know was was was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 2024 2024 to escape um I mean with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard standard standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to so well help you outsmart some of the obstacles obstacles obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're so like smart and then there's Street Street Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill you know um blew through the the the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind well well well so blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening happening happening you know uh indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city city city 52 year-old. Joanna you know so South Kant was locked in a battle with a a a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt um so an evil presence enter the room room room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of life you know uh through the lens of the good the true and and and the Beautiful. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Dustin okay well Kensrue and and and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and uh uh uh you know Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's other's other's so well unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a a a yes like okay they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things things things most so um of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about about about them. We don't you know uh we're not certain about exactly the same same same things today. The world the world the world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from from from okay I mean the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you you you doing? Oh watching well you know some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just Just Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I okay um cannot believe you you you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls you know um um um and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's It's It's G-rated I mean I mean. Well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe our but definitely not not not accept it is what it is. Why or how so uh was your day? day day It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you have you have you seen seen seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode this episode this episode of of of Beyond reality has been divided um like into two parts. This is part 2 in in in which we talk about Tim you know uh Cohen's book The Antichrist in in in a cup of tea and which Tim not only I mean okay claims. The The The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually he actually he actually identifies him both are are are fascinating well um discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support support support. The night may so like be long and the dark maybe deep but the the the answers are there to be found well you know whether it's the normal the abnormal or or or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go well um beyond reality Our Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in so like a cup of tea tea tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But like uh before we do do do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our like well YouTube YouTube YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it um I mean mean mean hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day day. This okay you know is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining joining joining me so okay on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come come come together and pray okay I mean this one on this morning. I'm just going to to to pray for your week. I'm well you know just going to pray for for for you on this morning and leave my South out I mean well of of of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay stay stay like well home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% 100% 100% but so I mean I wanted to make sure that I got on the the the prayer call before I went like uh back to bed. So today I'm going going going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us let us let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in in in aviation history the fate of so you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains remains remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have uh okay tried to stitch stitch stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you if you if you enjoy these these these episodes you know so on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast podcast podcast every Wednesday. We tell okay okay the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial controversial controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy so um theories free on Spotify or wherever you you you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past so well a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul fariq Abdul fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by by by Schrute well so Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna gonna gonna be um um her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry Terry Terry ruzicka here. Hello and okay I mean welcome my hoodie. And how job my my my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki well so baat Karu to yeah, he shares shares shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid I mean like joab case case case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So So So it's so it's so it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night the night the night may be long and the dark maybe deep but but but the answers are I mean uh there to be found whether it's the normal the the the abnormal or the Paranormal you're I mean uh in the right place. Let's go beyond beyond beyond reality. We got we got we got a great show okay so tonight. I'm really excited to to to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest you know you know also a renowned renowned renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of well you know awareness awareness awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in you know know know I mean helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this this this Kelly. Welcome like you know back to be on reality great to have you you you here tonight. Thank you for having me you know well back hug daughter of of of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you well you know know know doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of I mean mean mean like a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you I I I mean uh want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago ago ago. I well uh reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a a a production crew Link so well in the description and I along with almost all of of of Bachelor Nation speculated that well um Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s 2020s 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead like okay because Claire Crawley was announced as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this you know well straight. Maddie Maddie Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette um okay so so so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other well well well okay reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right right right now I you know like see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let Let Let me know your well so thoughts down in the comments below. That's all that's all all all that's all I've got for today on Bachelor well well News Daily. But if if if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep you know I mean mean mean dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make make make sure you uh well check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife my wife my wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. We are getting ready okay so for the word of God and it is is is my honor to introduce our next um uh speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of of of Brine and the mother to Brielle and like you know Ashland. She works works works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in you know well suburban Chicago Chicago Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She so so so um serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for for for so okay ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam Liam Liam classy. He's a CO okay you know chair person of the Irish primary physical education education education Association, and on this podcast, we've like you know had some prior episodes about about about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura okay well Alfre. That's That's That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked um um um uh to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Ontario Ontario Canada Canadian uh uh physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen listen listen to our podcast seem well uh to be interested in curriculum from different areas of of of the world. So we're going you know like to keep finding people who know know know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So I mean okay here we we we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so and so and so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one okay so of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie lie lie - man. That's you know well right. And this and this and this week week week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well well well um well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we like like like well don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So So So send those into like like difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do we'll do we'll do do do it next time but before all that Ali are like like you games this week? week week So since so since so since the first time since we started playing playing playing doing this podcast, uh so I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there there there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there um um. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played played played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft you know well but aside from that. No, No, No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, I mean, I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um um um well. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit you know okay your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for like I mean you. So it can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean mean mean um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in I mean you know one place. Download Download Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM you know so to get started started started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health I mean mean mean I mean and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and and and Pain Management um you know physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with I I I mean um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies Technologies Technologies. It's built to so you know help you outsmart some of the obstacles obstacles obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart uh so so so and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is today today today is Wednesday, March okay okay 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 1972 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in uh you know Santa Rosa. California was was was california was california was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late okay okay okay uh. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings slayings slayings now known okay I mean as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, hi late, hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more more more working on my Saturday like okay night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still still still doing the history series and also Snow you know okay ending with other other other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house I mean you know know know. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned mentioned mentioned um so the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is is is Is like you know there something going to shop a super work for for for husbands or also for Purim so um believe it or not? Because they they they always write a five or six or seven I mean um page Arturo whatever whatever whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, okay uh uh uh you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have like okay okay okay a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my my my son well okay from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to to to talk about a little I mean okay bit of how we started with here on on on anchor and one of the best things I mean I mean about anchor anchor anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot lot lot I mean okay of creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your um I mean phone or the computer. It's as easy easy easy as that. So download the free anchor up or like you know go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going you know um to be be be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast uh well well well. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their their their like okay story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a a a CEO doesn't mean you so I mean have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening you're listening you're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate Elevate Elevate visit our I mean well website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's today's today's talk. Let me just ask you how like you know many of you you you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can well can well well well can well uh I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my my my 19 to 27? well okay Oh good. You how you how you how about those those those who do not want to admit their age well well 30 above so that that that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like I mean like like like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce you? I mean I mean I mean um Okay, what's up guys? My name name name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I mean so I I I am. I'm in I'm in I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's how's how's it going? Okay, I mean I mean so Logan's my little from McMurray, but but but we're not going to mention McMurray the like well rest of this podcast because because because we we went to tank. It's all about the okay I mean only school school school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for so okay okay okay alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other other other you know like excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys guys guys before we jump okay you know into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick quick quick about anchor if you haven't you know I mean heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast because everything you so uh need is in one place. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right so right so right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing seeing seeing you here you know uh today. I am I am I am with Corey Corey Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind well okay of like dating preferences. So So So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I I I I I don't really uh okay okay okay know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school school school with okay so a Brielle. That's how that's how that's how we met and and and I study social work and I consider I mean I mean myself a polyamorous person or or or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle well so. So and and and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the so um ability to to to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if well well well so you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that okay you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production production crew Link in the well well description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was I mean um certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well Well Well that theory is officially dead because Claire like so Crawley was announced as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight um uh. Maddie was filming filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has I mean I I I mean to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie Maddie Maddie would um I mean have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right right right now I see no other so okay explanation unless y'all have other theories theories theories. Let me let me let me know your thoughts down in you know uh the the the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're well well well uh new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier so so so well today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check out our Bachelor uh like after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes it makes it makes you happy every time every time it it it goes on. It's just I mean like like I don't know what it it it is. Like the power of music is a um you know real real thing. You You You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met so I mean a lot lot lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is okay okay okay okay the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is well well well so that and home pod? And he and he and he will point to it. I'll I'll I'll pick him up um uh. He'll touch it. It'll play it'll play it'll play play play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He well like loved music so much to to to the point where if he can't touch it like I mean I mean he will start start start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as so you know know know like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're so like like like going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, Well, Well, uh like he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little little little peeved right okay uh now. We just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye eye eye open okay like. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we we we are once uh okay again calling in because we will not we can't see see see each other at the moment um so. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we have a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the like well other. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello like like like you know. We're here. We're here we're here we're here today talking to each each each other to discuss are both I mean um of ours top to worst worst worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and so you know I I I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so I mean um you can can can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage I I I mean well want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in in in chronological okay uh order. So my first injury from way back when I was in in in eighth grade like so. It's written soccer and this one. This wife this wife this this this wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I I I mean uh Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could could could just keep you know I mean doing what you're doing pull up a chair chair chair in your heart come chat with you know okay us about Jesus prayer community and and and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi uh um Beth. So good to see see see you my friend. It's been it's been it's been too long. Tell me tell me me me tell me okay like about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right right right Jenna. I'm um so excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister sister sister. Thank you thank you thank you so much um well Beth. It's a it's a a a it's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for um um um um me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland well um um um sisters. She just raving about you. I almost I almost I almost thought I'd I'd I'd be replaced and her like uh best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, all right, all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the the the only well like thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes Vibes Vibes that LeBron James and um well Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and and and Lakers Nation because believe it or like so not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let Let Let me let me let me know if you know okay it and I are not not not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just we just we just discovered that that that so you know in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you thank you thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of um like like like modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where where where people well um wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts ghosts ghosts well like mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling channeling channeling philosophy. And even okay um dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about about about my mystical experiences well I mean and new discoveries. In other shows will have have have guests to open up New Perspectives and uh okay Views. I hope you'll join me me me on this journey as we discuss in open up I mean you know about what what what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive okay okay okay like energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a it's a it's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have have have customers you don't well uh have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have have have expenses you know I mean. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose lose lose money and eventually have to okay um close up shop. Here's what to do do do. If you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies um um to revitalize revitalize revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in okay um search search search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price price price point taking uh you know you from the red into the black with your your your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky well well GH with Airbnb automated and let's let's let's talk about how to get get you more bookings so so. Welcome back are being being being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm okay so so so going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment so so so well or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're uh uh uh okay just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will will will um well require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment investment investment and you know so this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this this this episode okay well contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that that that some people may uh uh find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was so so irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged dragged dragged her to this cramped office okay you know. The whole thing was a major drag drag drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff you know okay. What was the big big big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said okay you know know know Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was so so so so baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not well uh just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to to to himself okay uh. He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile agile agile catechesis um well. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a a a little too hot so you know. Sorry be sorry be sorry be more that that that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of okay um um um 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello uh uh uh well everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name name name is um you know Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is is is it is it is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin I mean I mean in the name of the father and the son and the holy holy holy spirit. Amen. It's well I mean called a mind all those who promise to pray for for for Hope is the theological virtue by well uh which we desire the kingdom of heaven heaven heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all uh okay our trust in Christ promises and and and relying not on our own strength, but on the okay so help of the the the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness um well well well we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not not not yet I mean like guaranteed. And there and there and there are three conditions needed needed needed for the virtue of Hope first and active you know uh pursuit of God Holiness Holiness Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into into into this. If you haven't um um heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make make make a podcast. So well so let me go ahead and explain a little bit to to to you. It's completely it's completely it's completely free to do you know well there's creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or computer okay like. So it's so it's so it's really really easy to to to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so okay um um um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can can can also make I mean um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make um like a podcast and one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this hey, this hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at at at evolve church. And okay okay this is our podcast. I wanted I wanted wanted wanted I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I like so prayed prayed prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your you know know know okay relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our jesus our jesus our lord be be be blessed. I can't I can't I can't go I you know well can't go with with with this one. Can you can you can you is it possible? I know I know know know I know maybe like so stretching it here. Is it is it it it is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I okay okay just quoted quoted quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next you you you know well time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got got got to teach okay I mean this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, uh okay welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which which which I really um um really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast podcast podcast on the first of I mean um the month because I think it's a whole whole whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are I mean so here. There are so so so many people that didn't see out last month and you've so I mean got got got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able so so so so to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and and and like I mean you can make a difference and I want you to see that that that as something Really um so really really serious and really something to be so grateful for for for because sometimes we just well um take things for granted. We stumble we stumble we we we stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for I I I mean uh to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here here here. Yes, I am like I mean. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now now now that we're in a new setting which you'll like uh Be announcing shortly. We We We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We okay okay okay I mean have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah Yeah Yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh uh for the good week. We've been busy lots to to to talk about. Yeah, it's and you know so say, you know already mentioned we are are are in our new home. So first so first so first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Charles Charles Manson like I mean and his followers made sure this era of counterculture counterculture counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer the summer the summer you know so of 69 is is is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome to uh I mean killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time time time to learn like you know some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode episode episode. We cover a new topic like well I mean the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked shocked shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who well like gunned their way to to to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety I mean I mean mean mean this week. We're looking we're looking we're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast podcast podcast okay well. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of of of the okay like things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is is is explore topics that um okay I am interested in and I want to learn learn learn more about and one of those you know like things is Ecommerce businesses. How How How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get um well the necessary licensing licensing licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things you you you know well that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before before before starting their business which is why well well I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of of of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is um so the leading Shopify Shopify Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work so so so okay with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names names names you know you know of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas you know know know you know will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life life life with less I mean uh cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to to to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm uh you know your host Seth Thomas Thomas Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby um well Joe Joe Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes comes comes uh uh with age. Not always not always not always the case. Do you say that? that that I don't know who said okay okay that I heard it in the song one one one time. I think Bobby Joe and I uh uh have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin um like in the name of the father and the son and the the the holy spirit. Amen was called a I mean you know mind all those we promise promise promise to pray for. I think the most you know well exhilarating truth is that before before before the world was created God already had you and I in okay well mind mind mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no no no I mean okay other person can or ever will take we were designed for for for this role and only okay uh we can fulfill it and if we don't don't don't no one will Father favor and well you know his spiritual conferences rights rights rights. No two of us are alike. God saw god saw god saw a specialty well well well I mean in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting uh uh uh uh to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an an an idea I mean uh that we had talked about in the past and we're just just just wanting to make it a well I mean reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby baby baby to the world. So here so here so here like okay we are are are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we so so so well kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what um um um okay made us start this podcast and how we know each other and and and who we are you know well individually and kind of what we want want want this podcast to be about and so yeah, okay so it's an introduction introduction introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know okay uh us. I'm so so so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are how are how are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is Is Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer so you know old is back Venice episode and we we we have a special guest one. I think you you know well guys are going going going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house uh you know know know Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really um so so so good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you you you now you now you know okay you called me you have a little bit bit bit of a gripe about the results of the uh okay okay okay presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake it's Jake it's Jake was so here again back with with with my channel Festival selections uh um going today free now, which is the first day day day starting off with grade 1 action in the um so marsh novices Chase. Give me me me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy like I mean feet at 9:00 to to to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at I mean okay 9:00 to 2:00 2:00 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and okay so so so seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he he he so like later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band band band Now by Willie Mullins easy okay I mean game black art for teens reserve reserve reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth well you know. I think think think I think I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally personally personally as you know um in going for a horse to the back, but if I I I was going um you know to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this this this so this so this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the the the um uh TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your your your technical difficulties? So so so so so so like I apologize. I know we had had had so many people hit us up saying where is like well the after show? So So So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode you you you know like. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up up up. Have a good you know so night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, podcast, podcast, we've filmed first podcast so um of the of the app speaking for the the the bag. Yeah, in other words well I mean Natalie deleted all the footage for the first first first one. It was an accident. I didn't well so know how to work anchor the app. It It It was an accident. I thought you know um I was just editing the video cuz cuz cuz I heard is editing the video as you press well um the trash can which deletes deletes deletes everything that we just did and set up for okay I mean the the the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record well uh that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't like like like I mean figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm I'm I'm let me give you I mean well a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're you know like wondering why you you you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in well I mean mean mean no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and and and popular I'm well I mean not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney Disney Disney movies would put it. I'm your I'm your I'm your run-of-the-mill uh you know average high high high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This okay um is is is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't you know well well well podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like they're like they're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell tell tell that devil I mean I mean who you are today. I woke up and and and I told the devil who I am well I mean in Christ. I am complete in in in him who is the head of all principality and power um okay. I am am am I am I am alive in Christ. I am I am I am am am free from the law of sin uh like and death. I am far from from from oppression and the enemy cannot come near you know well me. I am born born born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am I Am I Am Am Am okay like Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with with with the father so okay. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of of of God that surpasses all okay you know understanding greater is he that is in in in me than he that is in the okay I mean world. I have received the the the power of the Holy Spirit. I have I have I have put up up up the okay like old and put on the new I have been given and it's it's it's uh well been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply supply supply all my um like needs. According to according to according to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all um um um you know the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple couple couple so so weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be be be a so well nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Lamar Lamar Jackson, which means okay like it's probably To be more than one episode at at at least two episodes for us to so well get through all this chemicals. Like how how how like how like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? so okay I'm good good good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's okay I mean mean mean going to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on so so so well right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks thanks thanks like um for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody everybody everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius Julius Julius. Rosenberg's uh rosenberg's uh rosenberg's uh I mean Espionage trial began in New New New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after you know like the trial the rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to you know know know um today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm I'm I'm covering the 1951 um okay Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the the the US were considered. So heinous I mean so FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the the the Rosenberg case the crime of the century well well before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go let's go let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This okay okay okay I mean podcast is about business Behavior. And the and the and the Brain on this this this show. I do a you know I mean few things. I read I read I I I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview I I I interview I interview authors I mean okay of books. I enjoy and from time time time to time. I devote episodes to answering like well your questions. If you want want want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes so well go go go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a okay okay okay like review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode episode episode um you know. So please so please so please ask me anything now enjoy enjoy enjoy the episode and for more you can you know you know always visit me at at at near and far.com. How to how to how to trigger product usage that sticks by by by Janet like I mean Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy healthy healthy habit takes repetition to stick but well you know while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm you you you know okay Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much much much lower than you know well you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At At At least. I think I think I think they have YouTube um like launches a very very very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their um um competitors and and and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes um uh. Minster Minster Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what so so so you know a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your your your reporting and so uh your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social social social platforms like Facebook and everything is within um well your control. So imagine imagine imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing uh like on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we we we unpack everything I mean so from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and and and Chrome OS so that you can like like be more informed on all the latest latest latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought I mean um to you by by by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure like like like like out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything everything everything so okay you need in one place for free and you can use it from you you you know I mean your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really really really like about well so anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast okay um. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that that that you'll be heard everywhere and they uh like have some ways for you to make make make money on your podcast with no minimum well um listenership. So if you want want want to give it a try and make your very I mean okay own podcasts podcasts podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up what's up what's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against like well children children children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to like well note note note. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any well well well you know single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient ancient ancient Greek Legends stories you know you know and lure to give you the most most most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the okay you know misogi OC gentle waves lapped lapped lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a uh um child named many many many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise exercise exercise um like squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy you know know know you know on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm I'm I'm good uh um. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of of of days my um uh back was much better. But now but now but but but now it's really bad again might have been because uh like I try to to to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean I mean mean mean I mean um um are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my my my back you're as like well you see you're one of these people people people who actually huzzah An excuse not uh like to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've I've I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that okay uh. I've definitely I've definitely I've I've I've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the uh um um um same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So So So um so fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal ideal ideal now if you okay like don't be a good good start First question question question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody um um um um our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And so so so so we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale kale kale so kale so kale so um. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother brother brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? uh well uh well uh uh uh well I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a a a long day uh you know at work. Now. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and um like like like Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British like you you you know. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome like like like okay to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the the the graphic nature of today's um I mean crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today well you know. We're covering we're covering we're covering the sentencing sentencing sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty um I I I mean of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa Villa Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time time time what you know so a time to be alive. So happy New Year Year Year. It's officially March and like like if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a a a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate well I mean the beginning of the new year in Spring Spring Spring and spring is coming up so okay. Can you believe winter is almost over? over over You know, it's funny because winter I was I mean like just writing this in in in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation okay so for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown well like and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh Josh Josh character uh I mean. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond Bond Bond here in South University so I mean of South Carolina amongst a lot of things things things. Would you would you would you like to tell us some of uh like those those those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess guess guess but you know well I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm well well well well your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first first first thing I want well I mean to go over today is a fortnight hype hype hype night and height night plus in Chapter uh uh 2 season 2. This is is is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team okay uh calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's it's it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell tell tell you a little bit like well about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to so you know make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free. There's creation tools that allow you you know well to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor so well will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and I I I mean like many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything uh so you need to make a podcast in one one one place. Download the free anchor up okay you know or go to Anchor FM to get get get started. Welcome back. It is episode or um you know of the game chat pod pod pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme the Supreme Supreme Supreme the Supreme Court well like of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy Timothy Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber uh so. Welcome to today and true-crime a par par par cast original today. We're covering the so okay Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals appeals appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber okay well. Let's go back to the morning of of of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney well okay Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Richard Richard Burr richard Burr richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is I I I mean okay advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest Forest Forest ranger you know you know Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers volunteers volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above okay you know the town of Wallace, Idaho. It It It was a hot day but the sun was obscured um like by smoke Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to uh I mean mean mean combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains Mountains Mountains like um for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Forest Forest Service had you know like relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were were were overworked and understaffed. But many like well members of the service still believe the situation situation situation was under control but Pulaski uh well worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or uh uh uh so reflect those of the company and its management for their more the the the views and like I mean opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of of of so okay the DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and and and programming you know um and and strict on but no by at go by by by in a module on you know uh my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something you you you know well to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you you you. So break well so that mold from the couch grab a mic and download download download anchor for free anchor okay I mean has simplified the podcast World in three three three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing okay well. They do all the work for for for you. It's the only opt out there that well so lets you create and and and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So uh so uh so uh like what what what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel gospel gospel how Jesus okay okay after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in in in the following day he gets up and well like he goes to the mountain to to to pray to be with God to be with the you know you know father in in in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer, uh uh uh um he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he he he says you know um to him we've been looking for you and Jesus Jesus Jesus says while I needed to okay uh be with the father but also need to to to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting I mean you know that I would would would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking well well well so the day. He begins he begins he begins it by being with God God God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking by taking by taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be you you you know so talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would would would be your host for like so the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? advertising advertising You might have heard this okay I mean term. If not, if not, if not, very likely likely likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is um well in automated buying and and and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and I mean so more more more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform platform platform well like. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for for for well you know 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II II II American artificial you know so intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir sir sir. Mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree a steal. What's um I mean going going going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on well so buddy? buddy buddy It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the the the okay well butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I I I okay you know got on Instagram live last night. We have we have we have have have some issues got on their hopped on had uh you know a couple of of of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their their their uh well the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your your your Bohemian well so guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything everything everything today. I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, you uh uh know critical thinking the the the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all I mean okay okay okay sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an um uh uh uh article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I can I can I trust trust trust the source? I wanted um you know to say Force but Source critical thinking thinking thinking to me. So actually so actually so actually thinking not just critically about the things I I I mean well that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's so let's so let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In In In the so uh history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, Ah, Ah, I uh you know mean give me a better song title than that that that. That's poetic. It's from PJ uh uh Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city city city stories from the sea. It's also like like a number for 31. One One One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig I orig I orig I mean well the the the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you um um um um guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Rolling Rolling Stone Magazine's so you know list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are are are times like okay that I look over this list to see what's coming up and and and I well um get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting starting starting well uh real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick dick dick a poo so well pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Ak-12 Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey okay I mean balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if if if I missed any please write you know so me if I did. Thank you you you for joining us on a new so you know episode. Sorry about sorry about about about sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is you you you know um our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast podcast podcast with me like okay David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and and and you Grizzly okay I mean. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate mate mate even a Dave well I mean. Hey them very well. What an what what what an what an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official it's official it's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're well um um um counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 okay okay okay I mean week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Centennial Centennial well well Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb bomb bomb filled um um with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in right here every well I mean day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever you get your um so podcast. July 27th 1996 1996 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had like you know concluded and the the the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and I mean mean mean um the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about well so so so the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel diesel diesel. I like uh do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream stream stream at twitch.tv slash you know um on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the the the okay you know day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark mark mark over the eat well you know despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know know know the meaning of so uh this word. Even if you haven't heard it before before before that's because it sounds like and uh well is related to a handful of other other other common words in English, including habitual habituate I mean you know and have it it it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a um um um I mean place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue habitue habitue is so like often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or or or Amusement such as so uh pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual habitual habitual way of word like so of the day? We hope we hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to read book club club club. Today. We are discussing okay well communism in the family A really important work work work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to so well get into this work. But But But first of all, we'll go through and do our so so names and pronouns and And And And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name well you know is is is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon okay okay okay well from the 60s. You know, you know, you know, the one where they've they've they've got the main employees like so so pointing at himself. It's really it's really really really it's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun um um. My My My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 2011 2011 um uh at a cabbie. They choose they choose they choose and everybody get get get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at like like a matter of a dock on on on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original so so peasants. They tally tally tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the the the okay you know transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from from from I mean like Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little little little boy Rider, but today's topic so um is going to be titled the poison poison poison in your pocket. As always this information on well so this podcast is not designed designed designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for um well information purposes only and a a a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek please seek please seek advice from okay okay okay you know your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay stay stay tuned because the alpha well like babes podcast is about to go live in 3 3 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of like like like um tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to to to the after uh like Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days days days. I'm your host Alex Bowers um like and I would like to introduce you you you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda well well ants we There's a lot so prepare prepare prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy well um has a question for us later on on on our special segment and Ashley. We just I mean I mean gone we're vibing vibing vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a like um lot of of of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Graham so I mean with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants plants plants and we're so um here today on the 5th episode and we're really really really excited to speak today and have well um this conversation and you know, just like we we we always do this is a very um you know fluid open conversation and and and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your like uh uh uh body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us you you you know um to speak about and so my question for you just to get right okay uh uh uh into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings Understandings Understandings is uh uh my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on on on here like well and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using using using anchor so like for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one one one. It's totally free. Number so okay two. There are creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast from like uh your phone or your computer number number number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can I mean you know be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you I mean mean mean like can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need um um um you know to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad bad bad and well you know Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he he he come from? It's a crossover I mean so episode. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've we've we've um like all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother mother mother listen to our um so podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's That's That's good. That's good. So well I mean we're here to talk about atrs the movie movie movie but before we get into Addresses when like you know I get this out of of of the way a quick plug or big plug we are like I mean now on on on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like um uh uh uh share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, episode, episode, so so which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to to to hear from so like you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just I just I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance rather than like um from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at at at the end okay so of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of of of everything right. It um um just has to be full full trust full full full full surrender and know that you will I mean so be legio be guided to to to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to well uh doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope I hope I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when when when did disability become so taboo? you know you know you know uh So I speak speak speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and also so so so so a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled you know know know like or to have a disability. And also the way that the the the World perhaps disables us I mean so more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born born born with may do um um which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's it's it's basically the idea so you know of ableism and how the world is set set set up for people who are able-bodied uh um as opposed to those of us us us who perhaps can't function in I mean okay a very specific way. It was so so so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think you know you know it's a really interesting interesting interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always okay you know. Please do do do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome um um um um to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian so so so uh father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently podcaster currently podcaster currently sitting in in in a hotel room I mean I mean in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which which which is obviously very Snappy that I've been okay so in Manchester a lot of of of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels levels levels within a so okay small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy energy energy needed by every I mean uh living cell. If there is not enough glucose glucose glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood um well glucose levels are are are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which well well well well is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows flows flows through uh I mean the pancreas. The body the body the body can detect detect detect if there is a high concentration um so. Enough blood glucose if the the the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas uh you know releases the hormone hormone hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence so like of of of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that that that uh like is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this use this this this use this process continues until the pancreas you know so detects a normal blood glucose glucose glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today today today um okay. This is this is this is actually an interview that I did did did with cave on Divani on his well well total Bitcoin show. So I was a a a guest on his show and cave-ins super you know like nice guy been putting out out out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great like um people people people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with uh so them them them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to to to note you know like the first half there was I think we had some some some bandwidth issues. So the so the so the the audio uh well was was was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow follow follow um I mean cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter Twitter Twitter handle is so um at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of of of uh okay March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets markets markets surged in um well the morning. Hoping that hoping that hoping that the RBA RBA RBA would come to the table with a rate like okay cut the bank of of of Japan announced early in the data. They would they would they would be be be starting a new round well um of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the the the market expectations and cut the like so cash rates by half a percent. Oh for for for the big Banks quickly passed on okay okay the right cut with Westpac coming coming coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump I mean um tweeted shortly shortly shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have okay okay okay okay the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis basis basis points um okay. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a you you you know so Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is is is so you know the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon Gordon Gordon and then written by um I mean. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January January January 19 2006. So we are back well um in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments comments comments um um participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority Authority Authority podcast me, but I so uh guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press press press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on um so my personal experiences guy is is is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go uh so pootie sensitivity case at page page page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in okay you know the the the podcast. Do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify Spotify Spotify or the producer and curator uh uh of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said said said these salmon covid is it Brittany okay okay American humor then he Cortina mousse mousse mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally they tally they tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host I I I mean uh Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor Taylor Taylor here I mean so to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point 12-point 12-point home victory like like over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely absolutely absolutely unequivocally had to have and uh like they did and it wasn't the easiest easiest easiest road to victory for South. Carolina so I mean they got up big early and then they they they squandered almost every single ounce of okay you know that lead going into halftime and then then then by the second half things kind well um of evened out in South Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only you know like won by 12 12 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something well uh uh uh like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a a a okay so single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot lot lot of different areas and I mean uh as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject subject subject okay uh matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for for for everyone discretion like so is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up up up something about sex with an well okay adult. It's not usually even in in in their experience unless it's happened to them. This okay this okay this okay like is is is a public service announcement from 1984. It was it was it was made by by by activists on a mission uh I mean to make public the secret scourge of child abuse abuse abuse and this PSA was one way I mean like they were doing it. It It It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors uh I mean like the Fonz Even Even Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have have have myself Joakim at Crescent well like Adam Telfer in the news. We will we we we will we will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has uh so been been been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by by by okay well sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry industry industry dot Biz so uh and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT GT GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz you know I mean now valued at four billion dollars by by by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right you know uh can't complain. You're good. I I I think we're going to rush through this one, right? um uh I'm you got a hard hard hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and um so I've got three three three quick updates. First of first of first of all got to give a a a shout out like I mean to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um you know Natalie and I'm Jessica this week week week. We are we are we are talking about what we so I mean I like like like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of well like like like view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week week week. We will okay so also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali Somali Somali A's and uh uh this week we're going with something a little bit more more more aggressive a little bit uh uh Bolder just like exfoliation. I would would would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve okay uh Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old like like like you know Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her her her family out of okay I mean their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a a a par cast original today. We're covering the I mean so abduction and forced marriage of of of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year you know I mean old old old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to um um um so a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of of of a salon owner. My name um um is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie from number 27 salon, and okay like we run UK salon owners today. We're We're We're here to give you a first episode of you know well Secrets of a salon owner, owner, owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have so okay heard heard heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are we are are are we are like you know going to bring to you all of the funny stories stories stories you guys Us so uh like if you've got any funny stories, please do do do email us and we'll give you the email you know like address at the the the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I I I I mean well will start with my first two because these are the these are are are the so you know ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called called so well three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three three three well like beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to to to bring them well so home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed blessed blessed with our three boys, okay uh and this is Journey so I decided decided decided to do this podcast mostly because Every um you know day almost every day. I I I get a text message from somebody that says hey, so well I have a friend friend friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you do you do you care if if if like um I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that that that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And And And this um you know segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and and and please keep in mind. I well so do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western Western Western astrology. If you if you if you were born in I mean I mean mean mean a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you you you you know well simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a a a wealth of I mean like information on the internet. And so if You were were were to nakshatras a way to put it like you know simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and hello and hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin Robin Robin ups, but I'm I mean so joined by as always League to go machine machine machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad um you know boys of football autobiography analysis the the the one and only John Smith and mr um uh. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story story story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all well I mean know Lori mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay okay okay well big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager manager manager / comedy you know um sidekick on or near the do I not not not like that that documentary but yeah uh so goal all-around good guy guy guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and so okay it's about celebrity celebrity celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night night night toothbrushing show start brushing uh so on the top of your mouth on one one one side and brush a little circles around uh like each T3. It's heroines week where every every every day we tell you the story of a okay well heroic woman from history. Today's Today's Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be um well treated fairly fairly fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up well uh uh uh in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father his father his father worked worked worked on a okay um farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables vegetables vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but okay uh Dolores was a smart hard-working hard-working hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing switcher brushing brushing brushing switcher brushing you know uh to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt like well well well not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his his his cattle so okay nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to to to um like the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do do do not well okay interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these these these are sufficiently forbidden above they like like also thought that they had kept all those when when when they had done or not done you know like. The external act. Therefore God has has has added these two Commandments in order that it okay uh be esteemed as Sin Sin Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where okay well well well the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb lamb lamb to you know I mean the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters characters characters setting conflict in irony in the I mean I mean short story lamb to the the the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald so um Dahl. He was was was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously like okay okay okay known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has has has sold um you know over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk talk talk about the plot Expedition I mean um begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her her her house for her husband turned from I mean I mean work. It seemed to be be be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to okay uh be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say that um you know you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments comments comments with the I mean um reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of of of Creepypasta myths so I you know like wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story story story to send it off, but I um uh wanted to thank everyone again and all all all the people who commented like grumpy girl um you know. 1081 the 1081 1081 1081 the 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, mean, mean, hey they well um have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali again Ali again Ali 93 and and and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have so I mean been amazing. I've been been been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So I mean um a good good good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but but but like uh I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's It's It's I mean so me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr mr mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and I mean I mean we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics topics topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move I mean uh dirt that they don't make Bulls go go go to sleep to monster trucks buried like um so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks well, well, well, thanks well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, you know you know folks folks folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Lately Lately Munch. Mmm. How did how did how did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might might might have um okay been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is is is Sean Stephenson. That's a uh you know bit silly talk sports. Hi Hi Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once so like again. We're on on on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another you know uh episode episode episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo arvo arvo well so little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob I'm Rob Rob Rob I'm Rob Thomason so I mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk talk talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey you know uh want to give a shout shout shout out to all you listening to the podcast I mean so. Thanks. We actually actually actually we actually we actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we we we started so you know this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make make make a thing for ourselves well you know for Creative outlet and we've actually actually actually had a lot of people we don't know listen um well to it and and and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing okay um Elvis Elvis Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send okay okay okay I mean us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you you you have you know um any thoughts so far if you want to critique us us us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you about um like anchor what's anchor well, if you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like okay make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow uh okay you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will like like like well distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple I mean I mean. Podcast and podcast and podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no so uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free you know okay anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast. I um I um I um okay wanted to take a brief moment today to let let let you know about okay like the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some Some Some of the more um you know important aspects are actually having a service to to to host and distribute the show I mean you know as well as software software software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money so well to to to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms you you you know so while also using different software as I tried to record but but but not anymore anchor gives um uh me everything we need to record host and Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit our podcast for free either from uh um my computer tablet or cell phone phone phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to uh you know know know make money with no minimum listenership. If you're if you're if you're serious about starting starting starting your own podcast, like I mean you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor anchor anchor app or go to uh uh Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty pretty pretty interesting topic um okay. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass bass bass fishing and meters cheater cheater um so pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's It's It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / so um higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are are are. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another live stream / well you you you know podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I I I want you know um to thank you. As if as if as if you're you're you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the all in in in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode 48 baby um okay. We're almost about to hit hit hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so like well so blessed to be here here here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're um you know know know instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and and and today's subject is so you know growth or Comfort. This is one of his his his favorite subjects. You can't you can't you can't have um so both you have to to to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This so well well well is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23:20 23:20 like um 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of of of like uh 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with um um um um Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to to to be on uh you know this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to um okay thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope hope hope you enjoy so you know this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way way way to make well okay podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to to to record and um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for okay okay you. So you can be heard on Spotify up up up a podcast Google podcast and many well I mean more you can also also also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a okay like successful podcast download download download the free. God will god will god will go to Anchor FM to get started started started at um well every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them them them 10 times okay I mean the value that they expect will comes to mind is my my my book The Five AM you know like Club. I spent four years on the five am am am Club. I rewrote it over um okay 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is is is your well well first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American American American money management, well I mean and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth growth growth strategy. I thought this episode was um okay going to be about our investment in in in United Technologies, but a bunch of things well you know that happened this week week week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode you know I mean. Obviously, we we we obviously, we obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio portfolio portfolio to talk about well like We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we we we also have into like um its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but but but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed like um in this podcast for those of of of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect uh like the opinions of American Money Money Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as uh so a portfolio portfolio portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have well so so so a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known also known also known as in the house. Are those guys just just just follow up. They said that okay you know when Lee was running very fast and and and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start you know okay running after after after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I I mean uh uh uh don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We We We believe that there uh okay is this life we can live that that's that's that's just a little bit further um like than where we are that if we get get get enough power we can we can um well live this life that is extraordinary. And And And and and so Way we think okay you know about this as we kind of of of got if I can give all of myself and okay I mean be disciplined disciplined disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of well well well well life. Then maybe then maybe then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. It's kind of its wild you know so into us it was widened widened widened to you. I think I think I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This This This podcast this podcast this podcast series is like uh based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume Volume Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing well so House and youth Ministries websites websites websites. It is it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see um okay you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with him uh uh. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter Chapter Chapter 14 verses well like 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and and and cried and the uh you know people wept that night in all the children children children of Israel complained against Moses um like and Aaron and the whole congregation said to to to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let let let you guys know well I mean that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If If If you haven't heard about so like anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free okay I mean. There's creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know your phone or computer. I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor you anchor you anchor anchor anchor you know um Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify you know so Apple podcasts and many more you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum like you know minimum listenership. Evidently, I I I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make podcast I mean okay in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor dot. F well like m-- to get started now back to the show show show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a uh well treat for episode 96 today over over over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content um like the good old boy from Dayton Dayton Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories uh well well well on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some I mean well well well humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're you're you're so um looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of of of it show so so. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known known known to many as your okay uh parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you you you can bet. I've probably been um well there done that and heard it it it all trust me, they'll be few things that I mean so I haven't experienced firsthand. I I I created I created I created this podcast because I just love to help moms uh um like like like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way way way uh okay out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want I want I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode episode episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after they well uh get out of school about how how how they couldn't do their taxes and how they wish well like school and and and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach okay I mean mean mean them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic basic basic well well math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how how how to add and um okay subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line you you you line you line them up in a you know well column you add some together, together, together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were okay you know taught how how how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You okay you you you okay you okay okay were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you you you follow them. So okay so okay so okay I mean you were were were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you so well well well can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that um um um so in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some okay you you you know listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13 13 13. The small well you know wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the the the coastal storm screams reverberated from like well within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Jersey's Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds was so okay in labor with her her her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived well okay nearby nearby nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs um so so so of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room you know know know like. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's world's world's uh so number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I I I must um I mean mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story story story right last weekend okay um. I went I went I went back home to dinner right right right then. My mom asked me a son you you know you know are are are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so hahaha, so hahaha, so I'm clearly a a a very you know uh bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're we're we're doing this podcast bro. 31 I mean uh episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 3 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you uh well know we Chinese people and we we we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We I mean I mean mean mean have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of of of you who've been I mean you know listening. I've been wondering when in this season season season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting getting getting ready to I mean I mean do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java Java Java have and had a had okay um a thought want to get out of my my my brain. Working on some you know I mean uh functioning on fumes these days, but I I I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message like uh me on one one one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They uh uh uh uh wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to um um um uh get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not not not ideal. They were they were they were going to have to travel. A couple acouple acouple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode well well well so 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't didn't didn't do uh okay that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor actor actor from Sydney and I'm like okay kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And And And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm so I'm Andre well uh and with bedre, I I I am an actor. And I and I and I would say I'm I would so so so well classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an I'm an I'm an an an emerging artist. We are all okay um about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we we we can confirm. Yes, so I am so you know an actor but I also delve into Visual Visual Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast podcast podcast like uh video series. It's your it's your it's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys guys guys tuning in today. First off okay like. Wow. What a crazy week in the the the sports card market and World uh so. It has been it seems like all cards cards cards in general have gone up and a well like lot of the specific cars that that that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone uh you know up significantly. So So So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually uh you you you know really interesting last week on the episode. I was I was I was talking about about about how Luca uh I mean don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going we're going going going we're going for 272 $280. Now, this now, this now, this well um um um was February 27th. Currently the currently the currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went it went it went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm I'm I'm I mean uh your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm I'm I'm fucking pumped right well um now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me me me. We have a we um um have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to to to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and uh um he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And And And then and then and then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played like like like okay podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now now now and well so until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran Terran Terran. I'm a Bailey so well. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing Tucson and he's he's he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at I mean uh Aaron and and and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes like um um um listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment well I mean mean mean to thank our sponsor. Anchor if anchor if anchor if you haven't heard about about about any Kurds easiest way to uh well make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost cost cost any money. That's why we use it uh well. There's a there's a there's there's there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know know know I mean your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets for you so well can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you you you can make money uh I mean from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a okay well podcast right in one one one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot I mean mean mean uh. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not not not there yet. And we definitely so you know just want to thank everybody for for for the support and for showing us so much love okay okay. It was really appreciated and and and it motivated us even more to talk about today's I mean okay topic. Which Which Which is which is which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why why why so like I asking like what in the world does not even know know know like what is my so okay insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics topics topics that go under insecurities and I um um feel like a lot of people kind kind kind of take that in just one way which um uh is like how you you you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared okay you know to to to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening you're listening you're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with with with thoughts and insights well okay for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Jesus Jesus Christ of Latter-day like um Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here here here with me this so well week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses I mean okay to make this podcast podcast podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way uh okay to start start start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that you know know know um allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anger you know well will also distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard so uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms platforms platforms. It's everything you need to make okay okay a podcast all in one place. Don't Don't Don't free anchor app or go to uh so a Pratap FM to get started this this this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're we're we're going to be going through I mean like a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for for for this meditation is to be laying down uh so on your back with with with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also okay like do this this this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure well like like like that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you you you have I mean uh your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair chair chair have your feet Flat on like like the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So So So once you find either okay um you're sitting or you're laying position with your your your hands, I want you to find okay you know your navel. So with your thumbs thumbs thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV TV TV the ESPN app TV top um um now let the buzz. What is is is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after well well show. Today. We're We're We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War so well. This is the the the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and uh so we have have have so much to talk about. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Taylor grades and and and I am joined well you know by two amazing panelists tonight to my my my left. We have we have we have Ashman what's up uh um guys and to to to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that I mean mean mean you know jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited to do the adding to my um so bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in in in I'm in I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right you know know know um guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling well well well like there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm. Amen so like. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I I I am Laura and today you get you know well the pleasure of getting to know know know cat more. Oh cat oh cat oh cat is so great. I so like just want want want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and you know like complimentary complimentary complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her well well well well with anything. I am I am I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like like like Laura knows. My I mean I mean number one. Love language is is is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures um well the best best best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section okay uh uh uh and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it it it um like real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to yes to yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice um like like like that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like like like I mean I mean you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always always always you always like like you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with with with Sean um okay and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things things things they go through we are well you know excited for today's episode. We've been getting getting getting a lot of requests for people to clarify well okay what it is. When we we we ask the other couples. We interview we interview we interview what Their uh uh uh you know Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, Languages, Languages, what ours you know like are and why we think they're important. But before we get get get into it, if you okay okay guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it it it on whatever platform you're so uh listening that really helps us out and and and We love hearing your feedback as well. So like I mean the idea for for for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How How How are you? I'm uh you know good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good good good. It's been it's been it's been it's been a pretty well you know eventful eventful eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this uh so coming coming coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is this is is is this is actually hints to well well everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this this this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so you know um we actually did have our our our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when yeah, when yeah, when when when he you know okay was here because of the way that you know, this Gus Gus Gus could make it around okay so but you know, we're recording the intro after we we we record the actual episode. Typically I mean um. We like we like we like to to to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even I mean you know being being being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before before before the like um guest shows up this last step the set this guess we we we didn't have I mean okay time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast so so so um hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop like so so so when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple like like like you know podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute distribute distribute to it on like um top of that. They have editing tools baked right into into into the website makes life so like you know much simpler back when I started started started podcasting. It was an entire to do so like you had to know how how how to record it where to record it how to um well upload it pay for for for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will um um hook hook hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor like I I I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening listening listening you're listening you're listening to well uh the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network Network Network support this and other shows um well at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, Studios, Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive like um new podcast patreon only only only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a short well I mean favor. If you're if you're if you're interested in either either either of the two books that I have written and I mean okay I'm about about about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom like well well well. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free free free and you uh I mean can get on my mailing list to be notified when when when each book is released and so so how you can get it. I I I would I would I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What I mean mean mean uh is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to to to episode okay like. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to to to get to so um a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be be be on the hundredth like so episode. I don't know if it's going to work out out out but I'm trying but so uh that's good. It's going to be in a couple couple couple of weeks. So I'm going to well um rant a little Bit and and and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is is is well um fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy crazy crazy ideas um like. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand brand brand new episode of uh like fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting sitting sitting next to me is producer Vlad like you know. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes yes yes you were sick last for the last episode um like. That's right. Yeah, because in in in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually um um been a while since since since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we uh so recorded recorded recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice uh uh uh well little break in between and now we have to catch up and record you you you know um one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay that's that's that's okay that's okay though I mean well. I love I love I love this show show show. I love this show. I want I want I want this show. I hope I I I hope I hope everyone um I mean in the world listens to that's a little little little bit extreme, but, you know, I uh you know hope a lot of people enjoy enjoy enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming okay um in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in in in okay well session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide Guide Guide. This is this is this is well well episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm so I'm so I'm here to give you the the the scoop well I mean on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests guests guests writing me this week so you know to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around around around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to okay I mean introduce yourselves. My name name name is Caleb. I'm a I'm a I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from I'm I'm I'm from I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So you know okay just an hour east of of of Campus. I'm on the exec board for um I mean Outlook our LGBT LGBT LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well uh uh uh uh Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely okay okay okay you know not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with with with my so so friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph Dolph Dolph today is Brock okay so Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with with with myself apricot. It's so hard for uh so me to believe. I'm so glad you've you've you've all joined us on this journey. It um I mean has become grown beyond beyond beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined well you you you know from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go go go any okay um further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of of of our virtual CM well you know on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so and so and so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership take ownership take take take ownership of your personal development um like one tip at a time today. I'm featuring featuring featuring a special individual who also is our I mean so next self-improvement sit down guest guest guest. His name his name his name is Alex Sheen and he is the well well well so founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity charity charity is you know okay to give people the resources and accountability. They need they they they need they need to live with courage and I mean so honor. I'll get get get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, you know um um um but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and and and okay I mean they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only only only when we mean I mean um them have a listen. So if you look look look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise you know like is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something something something or something will certainly happen in okay uh the future you touched on something something something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't I I I don't really get you know like surprised. I guess there was a time. I think think think it was my 18th birthday I mean okay that that I had a surprise surprise surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed like I mean it out a a a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few okay okay okay uh things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples disciples disciples must. Have well have well have well um felt here towards the end of of of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting okay I mean in verse 19 19 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of okay um the the the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of well okay okay okay the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he you you you know so said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is this Is this Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the the the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of okay okay the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March March March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to so you know gives it home for the Belfast Belfast Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime um like but a little bit bit bit of a better return to what we used to last so um number of of of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn you know so around We'll We'll We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of you know know know like wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor professor professor of you know you know philosophy at the City College of New York, and I I I will guide you through this um uh reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero Cicero Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got like um consists in applying to the conduct of of of life and knowledge of the working of uh um natural causes choosing what is is is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary I mean you know to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going you you you know so to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has has has so uh the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light light light and positive so like thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We We We also receive this healing okay well ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out out out of water. People who are connected with uh you know his water will also receive receive receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to you know um help people people people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I well, I well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week week week uh well this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't so so so like watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing nothing nothing to like I mean do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know know know about it because she like so just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But But But anyways, I've been watching I mean like Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. I don't give a I mean uh fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and and and my girlfriend had been watching it for um uh the past two days. We were were were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren okay you know know know. I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just just just she just spilled her drink I mean I mean her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I um I mean do think Cameron Cameron Cameron. He gets he gets he gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he he he well you know just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but but but he loves her very so um much. However today we made it to the the the last episode. We have we have we have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with well well well well down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for for for the I mean I mean session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's Let's Let's talk about the okay you know coffee first and then then let's do a little talk talk talk about you and finance and where I mean okay we are. So I've I've I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a um uh Friday Friday Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're we're we're in this you know well little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of of of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne um um self American flavor to it. So it's it's it's so it's so it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take take take some time out of uh I mean your day to join us as we connect with with with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear so uh about valuable advice different career career career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please I mean so note that this this this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this I mean mean mean you know series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote degroote degroote School of like you know Business or our partners all career and investment risk risk risk is undertaken by the individual and we I mean um are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you you um you know about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's the easiest uh I mean way to make a podcast. Let me let me me me let me tell you why first of all, it's because you know um it's it's it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and so so so well edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will will will distribute like I mean your podcast for you. So it could be heard heard heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher um uh or any pod catcher out there. Another Another Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and well so there's no minimum. Ownership Ownership Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in so okay one one one place? So check so check so check out anchor download the anchor app or check check check out anchor dot I mean I mean f m-- they have all the the the information there for you right there. So do so do so do do do um okay it, you know, when you do the little like clip or or or whatever just do talk about like well that for like that like mid break break break part where you put like an ad you know uh. Okay. Yeah. Well I can can can add and then you do the thing and then we you know okay get back back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry uh you you you know Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11 11 11. What's your name so you know Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you you you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood um so book that this time with added added added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 okay I I I mean & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I I I well okay can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know know know I know I know okay well it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should should should drink cocktails because uh you know yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You You You can drink it with her. Yeah I yeah I yeah I mean okay do that that that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is so well Eric. I'm Sarah. If you if you if you are joining joining joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half like so of the New York York York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into I mean mean mean okay it. We realized that it was going to take a long time time time. So we split I mean okay it up into two episodes and here here here we are back for part 2. All um uh right. So check so check check check so check out that one first. We give a little bit more context and I I I you know uh think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and and and more intense as so I mean they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely Definitely Definitely and we're in the middle of I mean okay set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my my my oh my oh my I mean um goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to to to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know okay like like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks thinks thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it so like sounds like bopper and yeah yeah yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the I mean well lyrics lyrics lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, yeah, yeah, so um that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a a a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did we did we did a call-in show. Hello. This This This is Josh. This is this is this is so like Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm I'm I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our uh I mean listeners listeners listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to like like like you know the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today today today. We'll hear we'll hear we'll hear a pitch the likes okay well of which which which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound um you know like like like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder founder founder has uh you know is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could could could turn into a um well big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds sounds sounds like when all you have are okay okay a few scratches on the back back back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch okay like. I'm Josh Josh Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into welcome into welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper Harper Harper and I mean I mean join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes comes comes in on after an like I mean Alabama win and seems to duck out out out on me when Alabama loses so glad so uh to have you back here Matt. How How How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good you know you know to to to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good well well well you know pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely lonely lonely sometimes but especially after I mean okay losses. But today we're glad to be be be joined by Blake level who's the host of okay okay walked on a a a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level well well and and and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and and and it's okay um very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job job job of covering um so SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing doing doing boy? Well, like so it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after after after a win. What about me? you know so I've got a record after a loss here. So I so I so I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions okay okay okay so. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this so this this this so this week has okay well been very interesting for me. I also also also like I've been dealing with some issues one can um uh say towards in terms terms terms of anger in terms of when people would say you know like like Darkness. And And And just trying to find the ways for me to be you know well able to to to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the so okay positivity that that that I also have inside. We all we all we all go through that that that I guess so okay I mean how deep it does the rabbit rabbit rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's I mean I mean something something something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will okay okay okay you know be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus refocus refocus um uh and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and and and passionate. And like you know the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse verse verse 37. And it says on uh like the last and greatest day of of of the festival Jesus stood and said in a like um loud voice let anyone who is is is thirsty come to me and drink when we view um uh the invitation to to to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is well okay okay okay passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for Saturday I mean uh mornings. There's no there's no there's no sleeping in in in my house because we have a puppy and he um like likes to to to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking like like like you know about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going going going to resonate with so like so many of you out there. I want want want you to listen. This one all you know I mean the way through. If you you you if you if you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty pretty pretty well like so at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes goes goes by fast. Now well I mean. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug plug plug but it isn't please share the uh well episode people need to hear her her her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They well like need to hear about how how how she weather's so many different storms that have taken well so place in her her her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you know so you think think think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk you know know know uh to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so so so missing out uh you know. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not Not Not only that it's free. There are well well creation tools that will allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from well um your phone or your computer. And And And the best thing is Anchor will um like distribute your podcast for you. So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google you know like podcasts and many many many more. It's everything. You need you need you need to make a podcast podcast podcast all in one well okay place, so don't If we anchor up today or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to you know like get started. Alright now, let's go go go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up well I mean you guys? Welcome back back back to what's on your mind podcast. This is this is this is episode number four like like like uh and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for I mean mean mean well four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun fun fun uh you know. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope hope hope it's true for you too. So I so I so I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the music so uh Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a a a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music um um for the guest right right right now. Is this the show this is where in the uh um show now usually might might might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the okay you know music plays. Okay Okay Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to um well well well introduce him and let's go. That's right that's right that's right there now and now now now should I play the music? Yeah for yeah for yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well well well like podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation creation creation there's creation tools that allow you you know like to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute um so your podcast for for for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast you you you know so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything um I mean you need to make a podcast in one place place place. Hello everyone and welcome to okay I mean my podcast called condiment morning handicapped handicapped handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about um I mean some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so delayed delayed delayed welcome back like you know to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy happy happy to be here with you all you know I mean. Whoo. Now the Thursday Thursday Thursday another podcast. So we so we so we finally got the lovely lady lady lady back. Yes. It's so um been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm I'm I'm glad to okay I mean be back. Thank you guys for all your support for for for listening to all the podcast okay um so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we we we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as uh I mean far as what podcast you you you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd so I mean like us us us to discuss. So we so we so we are in mind that if you you you are sending suggestions like so that there that you are not the only person person person right sending suggestion. So please okay um don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna just wanna just wanna Just Just Just Wanna praise you you know I mean. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers I'm prayers I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of of of strategy. So okay uh their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, Okay, Okay, many people come up with okay okay great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every every every year they spent countless hours you know I mean countless efforts of prepare. During During During creating recreating the till business plan or even set you know you know of of of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do okay well so, so, so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why you know so so so because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of of of okay I mean all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah Yeah Yeah. So anyway, so anyway, so anyway, okay uh Mike I'm gonna ask you you you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question well so. Okay. Do you think think think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill uh like you you you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, uh well you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove prove prove the Earth is um like flat. He said he said he said he spent his his his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said um like I happen when the rocket rocket rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's like here's like here's here's here's the well well rocket the pair she fell out class as we we we could have been a fucking idiot. That's okay okay what you get for for for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro like like. That's That's That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today today today I'm interviewing had uh well girl Izzie Wilson about time management and and and how she does it. So is he do like you know you find it it it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's you know uh uh uh very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl okay okay okay like duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you that you that you you you have to learn especially when doing uh well gcses and a-levels. So So So I so I so I have some days where I meant to be in in in uh okay three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I so I I I so I do need to have like like ways of getting around that that that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing um okay the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds sounds sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down so like. So happy to be here with you you you today the music in the background, you like you know know, it's from our good good good buddy. Mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a a a copy uh like of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to to to thank you okay okay for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this this this week continue to send well um your love prayers. And if you would like like like to donate to help them okay um it's again at pray for Jill.com. They They They on they on they on the show is one of my favorite like like the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our our our well like space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a a a well like New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last last last week if called uh okay on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped jumped jumped right in we haven't like like caught up in a little bit and I I I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode episode episode 7 you know I mean. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with with with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these I mean um are two very close friends of mine mine mine as of recent. I met them in college well um and we're all very different people but but but we get along like great and the thing so like is what's interesting interesting interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have like like like I mean different ideas. But the but the but the thing is were very close close close friends. And if anything that I mean okay like makes our friendship what it is. So So So anyway nollie. If you could go you know uh ahead and please tell me me me about your background how which like of course Walter My so um Religion because I I I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, in fact, in fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster Foster Foster like you know. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't don't don't know why I well uh made there be so many words in explaining explaining explaining what it is, but I think I've um well explained it properly in every episode episode episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at so okay women who who who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not um um um so Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're we're we're looking at women like like leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
