Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start well I mean like you know brushing on the top of of of of of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard okay you know so so so so so like. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women women women women women okay okay you know like from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, one of the you know uh well uh most powerful female warriors in ancient times times times times times. In ancient times there was a like well you know you know kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called well like you you you you you know uh the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real so so so so so okay so um good form before we get to talking about anything and everything everything everything everything everything to do with golf so so I mean so shafts. I got to give give give give give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name uh um um um um um like so is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True True True True True Sports is so I mean so you know golf division up true Sports encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also so so so so so I mean okay you know has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse. Am I am I am I am I am I am I correct on on on on on I mean I mean well um all this before? Before we before we before before before before before we before we before we get going. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that that that that that yeah, that yeah, that is correct. So true like like um um Sports, so we we we we we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of like like uh uh uh uh uh uh last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse division are so uh I mean so Baseball division and they are all branded branded branded branded branded true. So it made sense for the parent um like you know you know company recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were you know know know know know um well um really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range range range range range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the the the the the jewels fine course. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand nine well I mean so like playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? right right right right Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast okay okay okay okay okay um like well been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our our our our our last Co-op like um okay so view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know know know know know been very rare. You're you know um well okay not been on the scoresheet what's changed changed changed changed changed for you and your career since In well I mean so okay a few ways ways ways ways ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the sports criminals, March March March March March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down okay um uh um the top top top top top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back so well okay okay okay okay okay um to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was was was was was only two so you know so so games away from clinching a spot in the the the the the semi-finals of the Hamburg open like um well okay or opponent. Steffi. Graf Graf Graf Graf Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed you know so I mean I I I I I mean fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for for for for for more shocking I mean um like like sports events from history tune in right here here here here here every day to our March Madness special. Listen um um like like free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of like like like like like well I mean well the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark snark snark snark snark the I mean I mean uh so podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some um you know I mean I mean reason he he he he he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little like like like like like like so so bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, but we're going um like I mean um to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with with with with with so um well like pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this this this this this well uh uh um episode is I've opened up the line. So at at at at at any stage, you may get a okay um uh uh call from a listener, even even even even even though this isn't life and we must stop what you know like you you you you you know like we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll roll roll roll roll on. So uh so well I mean you guys are swept that is this this this this this If is this the quad point is this uh um like okay or we getting getting getting getting getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's like well well well well well like like just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months months months months months because I so you know I mean like it's been nagging us for the the the the the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's you know uh like well well well well well get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really really really really really wants to talk about it. So I've so I've so I've so I've so I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before before before before before uh well um like structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously tremendously tremendously tremendously tremendously good. Yeah, I think um well um you know I think duration work in in in in in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how um uh so so so so so uh to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get get get get get me wrong uh so okay um. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on I I I I I mean uh like so the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate um so uh okay of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have have have have have to feed raw, but there's so okay like you know not too many good. Good Good Good Good Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a okay uh I mean uh great how how how how how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that like okay you know know know know know okay you can buy. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're okay um okay I I I I I mean big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as as as as as pet dog okay um so uh. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as so as as as as as so as so as so as a pet dog trainer most of the time well well well well well you know okay you know the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must you must you must you must you must tell me all your your your your your secrets. Remember we remember we remember we remember we remember we must share everything everything everything everything everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, well like so like go go for a wild wild ride ride ride ride ride with the want to see cats, but beware uh I mean uh I I I I I mean the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster okay okay okay okay okay you know um well Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is um uh uh uh uh uh okay well someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the the the the the podium so so uh I mean. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always always always always always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth forth forth forth forth. I'm trying so uh so I mean to think of topics. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna from time to time talk talk talk talk talk about beating a well well you know like wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I I I I I do beat my wife I mean uh so okay. It's because I don't have a a a a a wife to beat. Yep, you heard um so like um it here water water water water water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is this is this is this this this this this is this is uh well like like how we're going to start this pod with water water water water water dripping and 2f words. That was dank like uh I mean so. We we we we we we just started. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually been been been been been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm like so okay okay on one. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this um um um um um I mean I mean okay episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some some some some some people may find um well okay I mean offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It so okay um uh was a a a a a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming uh well well well well well uh um rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom River with oxygen-rich okay so okay I mean water. It was the perfect condition for fish fish fish fish fish right for the catch. Alone like alone like alone like alone like alone like well well well well well well okay angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a a a a a spot to drop his line as you know I mean uh um his gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath um um um um um I mean well so the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode episode episode episode episode I mean uh so so is going to be about adrenochrome. And if and if and and and and and if and if and if that has actually played a uh okay well you know huge huge huge huge huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're actually I mean like like uh going going going going going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how well you you you you you know well so adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in in in in in Hollywood. We are going uh like I mean I mean to give you some some some some some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where here's where here's where where where where where here's where here's where we you know you know like so give our shout shout shout shout shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest so so I mean mean mean mean mean like way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that that that that that so um uh okay it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super it's super it's super it's super it's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my so so so so so uh I mean you know closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going to feel better well I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where like you know uh uh we sit with ourselves each other and special special special special special guests to share the Journey of you know well you know you know going going going going going from said, bitch. That bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch in in in in in this first episode Jay and I roll around the uh well okay well ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I mean well you know um um um um um. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through through through through through you know like um uh and learn things over again. It's the world is is is is is because you kind of lived I mean you know I mean I mean in in in in in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life life life life life. It's um I mean uh like just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it however, it it it it it however, it however, it however, it has been you know uh so uh told told told told told I have read that back in the day a massive School I mean well well well well well um I mean of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school school school school school like so well I mean of sardines was powerful enough together to force a a a a a large boat to stop in so okay well uh its tracks and push it it it it it the other way tile friends. If you want okay um um so to change for for for for for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish uh well well well well well um you know people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next Next Next Next podcast uh okay like like is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps apps apps apps apps active be active Navajo may be both um okay uh so active but healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude okay okay okay okay okay um you know well introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a a a a a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was uh um um like a bad joke is Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has has has has has on me. So now so now so now so now so now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do do do do do with self-discovery self-development like um well um and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child well well you know well with with with with with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be so so so so so uh so well your host every Fortnight. So make so make so make so so so so so make so make sure that you stay tuned and follow me okay I mean mean mean mean mean um like on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end end end end end and follow you know I mean you know okay as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting posting posting posting posting every week. So if so if so if so if so if you miss okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh a week Weak don't worry. You can you can you you you you you can you can you can always come back. So make sure that um um um um um um uh like you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends friends friends friends friends your family so well like I mean to anyone who has a need to to to to to listen send it to them and I'll be more so so well okay than happy happy happy happy happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast you you you you you know like uh you know. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my friends and welcome to episode number number number number number 13 of the more, you you know like um I mean know podcast. This This This This This is this is this is this is this is no l am speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking. And today. I'm going to talk okay um okay like about giving up Perfection or or or or or this idea of perfection for progress. And for and for and for and for for for for for and for uh well I mean um peace. I think I think that it's it's it's it's it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We I mean well I mean well are are are are are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every so so so so so uh you know well single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All All All All All right, they may look like they're I mean like you know uh getting it right right right right right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on well so so so so so okay okay and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like like like like like seriously, uh well um like I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start uh I I I I I mean you know um a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use use use use use anchor anchor is a I mean I mean uh like free app that allows you you you you you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need like I mean well I I I I I mean is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing editing editing editing editing and well like so like everything you need including music to help you make a professional professional professional professional professional quality sounding podcast like okay so so right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer download the anchor app today or it so you know you know okay over over over over over to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at so so so so so so you know I mean very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to to to to to start changing so well okay so your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made I mean well well so with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear. That's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading on okay okay okay okay okay you know you know you know your morning Bagel. Now where you get that that that that that big ol should be the only subject so okay uh uh for debate the the the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 uh so so so so so um so Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet lime. And today and today and today and today and today I'm well well you know know know know know um joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast I mean uh um well the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just just just just just don't send him uh uh uh um send him off the Earth. What is your your your your your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm like so you know well at at at at at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of okay so so so so so I mean um this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see see see see see um so um uh Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want you you you you you want you want you want you want to talk about some things you you know know know know know um I mean um want to tell some stories. You want you want want want want want you want you want you want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just uh uh uh uh uh you know well so want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile device is free and um you know so okay it's easy to use. You can can can can can record while you're at home. You can um um um like record on the the the the the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far so uh uh uh uh uh okay well distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do do do do do well well well so it at home and it's easy to use you just just just just just recorded episode you publish it. It like okay um I mean uploads all the platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got uh well like like like like like uh a podcast in your voices out there. So download so download so so so so so download so download so download anchor podcasts. Like I like I like I like I like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers um well well like your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing start start start start start brushing start brushing start brushing start brushing on the top of your mouth okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean on one side, but don't brush too hard hard hard hard hard. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where we okay okay okay okay okay um like well talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of well well well well well so okay well two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping helping helping helping helping people who well um uh well are blind and deaf. Helen Keller helen helen helen helen helen Keller helen Keller helen Keller helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more more more more more than okay like like uh 100 years ago. Helen was helen was helen was helen helen helen helen helen was helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or or or or or hear so um um okay her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to to to to to communicate with her, but they well so okay I mean couldn't figure out how she couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case okay you you you you you know okay like we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off off off off off or something like okay like well okay that. Yes that specific reason Lots of of of of of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't you know um okay well have have have have have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story you know I I I I I mean so so because It's part of it is like the visual is at at at at at least you know, 30% uh like like okay of it. Yeah, same goes for the the the the the football story that I want to tell um so uh so ya but the the the the the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that you know like like like like like um okay. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of uh uh uh uh uh well so well March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the the the the the latest in so okay um like video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New New New New New York City and bounce around like I mean I mean okay cables and satellites all around around around around around the world and right into a listening device um I mean um like of choice choice choice choice choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got I mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay to change the copy but what my one and only co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host is back um you know well um. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the the the the the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being okay uh like so here - - - - - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, okay you you you you you know you know um man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there there there there there. It was it was dope I mean okay I mean uh to hear hear hear hear hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed bed bed bed bed chamber uh okay uh so the fateful day had finally arrived. His first his first first first first first his first his first his first child was about to be born as well so so so so so you know well he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge deluge deluge deluge deluge of well uh um um rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the the the the the weather reminding him so so I mean uh of a prophecy. He'd heard years before before before before before if you do. Do this evil thing you um uh okay I mean shall have have have have have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so of blood will flow. The heads the heads the heads heads heads heads heads the heads the heads of the mighty will fall your cities will well uh uh uh uh uh well um be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words I I I I I mean uh um I mean now his sin had already been committed now, he he he he he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank okay okay so okay you so much for tuning in listening. We hope we hope we we we we we hope we hope we hope you like it. We hope you so you know you know know know know know well enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that well like like um will really help us out especially here in in in in in the beginning. We're trying to grow this I mean um you know you know thing thing thing thing thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you, you, you, you, um so uh you know you know a feel for what we're going to be be be be be doing with this. We like like like you know hope you like it. Also Also Also Also Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so okay so um um um um um well much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple couple couple couple couple of weeks um so like okay of difficulties, but I think we're on on on on on the right track now also forgive us so okay okay um for the sound quality quality quality quality quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're I mean well um um um um um well trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's that's that's that's that's best for like so I mean I mean your ear holes so that you can can can can can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So So So So So it's free their creation well uh uh like tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit the podcast right from your I mean uh so you know phone or or or or or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it it it it it okay uh okay like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service service service service service you can like you know well uh really imagine you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's you know so okay so everything you need need need need need to make a podcast. In one in one in one in one in one place place place place place just on their app. So well okay okay I mean guys go download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- uh okay you know um to to to to to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are are are are are you know well uh you know glad and excited to be back for episode episode episode episode episode 2 we out here recording just having a I mean like well you know know know know know good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is Mars lover lover lover lover lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My so um uh um my guest guest guest guest guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals like well well well well well okay um and we are we talked about who he thinks is going going going going going to win the BBL okay um well uh Championship his toughest opponents and and and and and how it was playing for the Royals and more uh okay um uh. It's another it's it's it's it's it's another it's another it's another it's another short one. It's going it's going it's going going going going going it's going it's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's uh well I I I I I mean so segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole whole whole whole whole show. Hit so well like um when you'll see how long it is is is is is about not listening to it. But before we get like uh uh well into into into into into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay give you a rundown of the all the games this this this this this weekend and I will I'm going okay like I mean I mean to talk about something something something something something else as well. So first game and the Wolves well well um you know beat the the the the the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you you you you you haven't heard about anger, well I mean like okay it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast why you ask let me explain like uh uh so it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um well you know um your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be okay okay okay okay okay well like well heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make make make make make money I mean uh um like from your podcast with no minimum. Starship Starship Starship Starship Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything I mean okay okay so you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app um okay okay okay okay okay okay so or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to to to to to the show um well so okay. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are are are are are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to so um like okay all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for free without a uh um like like premium account Spotify has a huge huge huge huge huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus um like well like you can follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you so you never never never never never miss an episode premium I mean okay okay um users can download episodes to listen listen listen listen listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share okay I mean so um um um um um what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done um um um um um so you know so so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search search search search search for Optimal Health well you know so so daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow so okay um like like like like like me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is is is is is this is this is this is this is Optimal okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle well uh okay well fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find um um um um um you know well so your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional health. I get okay you know uh uh cornered into being the guy who has has has has has all the answers. I'd like to well um uh okay take this opportunity to make a a a a a confession. I don't what I do have our like uh um um convictions. I have have have have have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, like like you know know know know know okay we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here here here here here through my okay I mean um um journey. It's become evident that A participant is no no no no no longer enough. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to become like okay okay okay okay okay well um reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Myers showcom um okay well you know. Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going like like you know okay okay okay okay okay to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni it's Jenni it's it's it's it's it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni and I you know you know uh okay am ready ready ready ready ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that and that and that and and and and and that is Leticia stop who has so uh well okay just been arrested this this this this this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me you know so I I I I I mean okay at all then you know, I have said since day one the the the the the beginning that she I mean okay uh so was guilty get. T they call call call call call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she you know you know uh well did it it it it it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be um you know know know know know I mean I mean brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested and it has okay uh I mean um finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with with with with with um I mean like I mean uploading it and putting it online. But now we do do do do do it was kind of complicated and confusing okay okay uh I mean it it it it it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through um so so so so so so um a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f f f f f m which is okay okay well okay awesome and who we currently use now it's free free free free free. It's got creation tools that so like um I mean allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well okay um like. Anchor will will will will will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on so well you you you you you know I mean Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money money money money money from your podcast I mean well you know like with no minimum listenership. So if if if if if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess like like so like what you you you you you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think um uh I I I I I mean uh it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your your your your your okay uh like so podcast and do not get you money in the the the the the process. So it's everything that you like okay like so need to make a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot um uh so uh f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the the I mean you know you know I mean one Bitcoin show. Today is is is is is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age so okay well like of of of of of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters like like like like like well well so were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be be be be be a unique beast on so um well so confiscated Bible low my Elite friends friends friends friends friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have so so so so so well well you know Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the the the the the Koozie send me the so like I mean uh Koozies know send me yours yours yours yours yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I um I mean like um stole that that that that that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I like so okay okay okay okay okay you know know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I I I I I will okay, like well okay so and also I have TVs on my counter counter counter counter counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's um um so okay they also have have have have have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I uh I mean okay well well well well well dig it. I dig it. It's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's it's it's it's it's fucking like so okay. I may have shot um um okay okay the wedding's it it it it it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know okay um uh so. I I I I I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who who who who who so okay I mean like could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them them them them them half over I mean well I mean well half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name is Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we uh um so um are are are are are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim our aim our aim our aim our aim aim aim aim aim is to provide you with well okay like um like research in sight sight sight sight sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where okay okay I mean so you you you you you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this well uh I I I I I mean okay is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of of of of of just wanted um uh like okay to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked talked talked talked talked about what we want this uh um um I mean to look like and and and and and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why so why so why so why so so so so so why should okay well you know okay you listen to me? So we thought this this this this this would be a good introduction to you know okay um so kind of who we we we we we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes well well uh um um um um um are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my my my my my oh my oh my oh my oh my you know like um well well well well well God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and you you you you you know you know well uh in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things things things things things in various. I think he's okay. I'll like well I mean you know go first first first first first because I got a good one. This happened this happened this happened this happened happened happened happened happened this happened just this morning. I see all uh like well okay might know I I I I I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me let me let me let me let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known known known known known you know um um uh as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the the the the the podcast where we read through you know okay I mean you know Saga one issue issue issue issue issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question uh I mean you know know know know know uh. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other other other other other I mean okay um okay podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that that that that that actually that still works I mean um uh so. Okay, that's fast. How long long long long long how long were you sitting on that one? How long I mean um well well well well well uh was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name name name name name of this you know uh so you know episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is is is is is good book really. This is a good book you know you know well so so so so so. I just looked at this cover. This is this is this is this is this this this this this is a good book. I love I love I love I love I love this this this this this so well well well cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is this is this is this is is is is is this is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for for for for for season well okay like like 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all all all all all of a sudden the uh um I mean so 2020 season is upon us us us us us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off uh well okay okay okay okay okay I mean season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to to to to to go? Just I mean um okay okay blacked out and then woke up and and and and and it was like we're about to kick I mean um uh like off and I was was was was was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time okay you know you you you you you know okay. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set set set set set I set I set I set I set my alarm um well well uh. Yeah, and and and and and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean um a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was was was was was like, whoa, we're uh so like uh like it's like what's happening? This is happening happening happening happening happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was well so like uh just like like like like like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are like uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know good for real back in the swing of things were back here every you know know know know know so you know so single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys guys guys guys like uh like you know a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen listen listen listen listen to all of your favorite um I mean uh okay artists and podcasts in in in in in one place. That's for that's for that's for that's for that's for free Hallelujah. No No No No No premium no premium no premium no premium no premium account necessary well okay like like like like like like Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening listening listening listening listening I mean um uh you know to right now and you can follow those podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So you never miss an so like well well episode you can share what you're listening to to to to to with friends on Instagram. And if like so I mean okay you are a premium premium premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline so like so um no matter where where where where where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download uh uh uh uh uh like you know well the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the um you know okay um your library Tab and give us a a a a a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking I mean you know um well well well well well of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal okay well I mean like relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had had had had had told me right after okay I mean okay okay my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with so so like um your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh it and in this episode we you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the the the the the order so okay so like of importance for you and your clients to make sure sure sure sure sure that they're building muscle as quickly okay um uh like and efficiently as possible. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a so so well well well well well well one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were we were we were we were we were were were were were one minute into the like uh I mean like podcast and then I realized realized realized realized realized that we have a little bit of a new uh I mean okay okay setup setup setup setup setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the the the the the set uh you know like um up and I realized that I hadn't set set set set set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only we're only we're only we're only we're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like I'll say this till till I die. You only only only only only you only you only you only you only have the next breath. That's That's That's That's That's all uh you know like you know you have. The current the current the current current current current current the current the current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's What's What's What's What's up, y'all? so you know I mean well Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 21 21 21 21 and technically for the people watching on like I mean um uh YouTube for you you you you you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast uh um well well well well well so app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old um um um um um okay okay you know patient. Timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick was was was was was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would you know know know know know okay well so die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast cast cast cast cast original due to the graphic like okay I mean you know nature of today's today's today's today's today's crimes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is is is is is advised for listeners under 13 uh so um like. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit allit allit allit allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was like okay okay uh later later later later later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, okay I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got just got just just just just just got just got just got off the back of doing some live uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which which which which which is the power of um well you know you know the internet and amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at you know um you you you you you know okay one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind kind kind kind kind of inspired. Is this little you know I mean I mean well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before but before but before but before but but but but but before we get into that, I well um so well want to give a shout shout shout shout shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've like you know um like been been been been been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a so so so so so like like um review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I I I I I will enter them into a so well I mean uh draw to win a a a a a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for for for for for divine um okay um I mean spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling calling calling calling calling and aligned with their purpose. I like like okay well am your host e let let let let let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and um you you you you you know well well awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics topics topics topics topics well well okay you know share stories and deeply dive into what it it it it it means to be a soul having okay okay okay you know a human experience. So come come come come come so come so come so come so come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea of well so um um Love Love Love Love Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura aura aura aura aura well uh um you know room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about about about about about a month since my last I mean you know okay um episode but I I I I I went off to have a baby most of you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean um that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement basement on okay um like uh my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all all all all all a chance to skirt. It I it I it I it I it I mean mean mean mean mean well uh so all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot shot shot shot shot. The top graphic well uh you know you know cards got a power supply on microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I you know I mean uh like put the the the the the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too too too too too well like uh like fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I I I I I fear cruelly assemble well I mean you know like a rig like a BP engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer. My friends and family smile is working well like like um on make fun of of of of of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I I mean I I I I I mean um well don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care care care care care mining corn uh so well okay in my underwear. I'm gonna be a a a a a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the so okay okay um notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking out my favorite - like like like like like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital well well so okay wallet for holding holding holding holding holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls. Did we so uh um like just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a a a a a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere uh so okay like light some candles candles candles candles candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this okay so um well well well well well ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done done done done done um like well um. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell hell hell hell hell this is all you so so well um see is the creepy alien going crazy, you you you you you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here here here here here well I mean like well to talk about my life experiences as a model share share share share share my best tips and advices on um so uh um how you can become become become become become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry uh well okay you know know know know know and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll today today today today today I'll today I'll today I'll today I'll be talking so um um you know know know know know about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here here here here here and listening to okay like um so my very first episode. I am so excited excited excited excited excited. I had I had I had I had I had been thinking about doing a a a a a I mean you know I mean well podcast for over a year now and and and and and kept pushing it off, but I just had uh so so like to do do do do do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the I mean I mean mean mean mean mean okay um covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if you you know I mean um uh don't know about anchor it's the the the the the platform that we use to make all of our well uh so well podcasts and and and and and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break um um um um um okay well okay it down for you guys real quick. It is it it it it it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing you uh well uh uh uh uh uh so have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so so so so so that you I mean okay like uh can record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever so uh okay uh it'll automatically distribute your your your your your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple well well well well well well like well podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can can can can can make money from your you know okay okay so podcast right out the the the the the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, um well um well which which which which which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast okay okay okay okay okay well well um all in one place. So download the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot I mean like so like. F m-- to get started. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box box box box box I mean I mean well so and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it like so okay uh. Okay. I just reason with with with with with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking um okay I I I I I mean so a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit. It's like like um you know what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a uh well well well well well um you know stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's husband. I think I mean like you know you know my uncle killed someone someone someone someone someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? you know you know you know know know know know you know you know like uh you know Welcome back to another week of beyond the the the the the secret. My name is Ace like um you know you know Fanning and I I I I I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started okay well uh uh uh uh uh I mean to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said it's said it's said it's said it's said that he died laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely um okay like like like like like uh if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to to to to to hear more of okay so you know um history's most fascinating lives lives lives lives lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear the so um um um um um um I mean entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today today today today today in the meantime well you know I mean you know enjoy this episode. Sir, Sir, Sir, Sir, Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed um I mean mean mean mean mean well so who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he he he he he thinks like like you know so he is. Well, sir, well, sir, well, well, well, well, well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has has has has has received so like I mean I mean well much praise. I am it's about about about about about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first first first first first for three well I mean well uh decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's what's what's what's what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if um so uh um all you really really really really really want is a best friend. Well, I have like um like uh finally found someone someone someone someone someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone I mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. He stole what you know you know I mean um should have been been been been been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't okay you you you you you know well you know the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years years years years years. He was he was he was he was he was just some boring guy um um um um um well like I mean Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow made this it you know so uh so would take his career Kevin. You have have have have have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I mean mean mean mean mean um um so I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about about about about about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today okay I mean okay well we're here with some little special special special special special guests and they are going to be joining I mean okay well so our our our our our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st st st st st like okay well so. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have have have have have you ever I guess experience okay okay I mean uh like a stereotype at least least least least least a racial one. And if so, what was it you know so um uh uh uh uh uh and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about anchor get it well um like you know is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually okay um so I mean where we we we we we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool okay so I I I I I mean uh that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or your so well so uh computer if that's how you want to to to to to do it. That's not how we okay so so like do it. But But But But But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know I I I I I mean so I mean it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher many many more and you uh I mean like uh can make money. From From From From From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need I mean like you know know know know know well to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download download download download download the free anchor app like like um you know or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. And now for the sun sun sun sun sun you know okay okay well solar panel podcast. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends um I mean mean mean mean mean uh so at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess guess guess guess guess what you so uh okay well can find all your favorite podcast there as well well well well well. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts another so like like I mean one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what what what what what other episode no, no, it's not uh uh like you know. It's not the show show show show show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain complain complain complain complain about okay well uh you know me saying no many you do the intro after that couch couch couch couch couch. All right well so like like. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was was was was was the entire show you how it's I mean well you know um done, right? You You You You You know you want okay do it. You know you already did you know um okay um um um um um the intro. I will I will I will I will I will do the next intro intro intro intro intro. Why have you been out here from um okay well so the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you are you are you are you are you all ready for this? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was fucking born. I can't can't can't can't can't wait okay uh so um to talk about this movie. But this is a effin effin effin effin effin great. This was like wow, this like like like um is like a real roller roller roller roller roller coaster. It was just like one of those old so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that um so so so so so so okay we're going to get into but I know that it was a good good good good good movie well well um okay because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this this this this this for a minute. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a um um um um um like I mean like lot to talk about and it feels like are we we we we we getting into it or my okay now, um okay well well let's not get into into into into into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hey everybody Welcome to well like you know like the 500 greatest films podcast. My My My My My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is like you know um um um um um I mean my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly I I I I I mean you know well uh about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of of of of of your favorite artists and I mean well you know well podcast and one place that's for free free free free free. You don't even need a premium account and that uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean uh is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save save save save save a little bit well you know you know like these days. So with Spotify, you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you so you I I I I I mean uh okay like never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to to to with your friends on Instagram um um um uh and premium users can even even even even even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you okay so well um are are are are are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded I mean well well well well well I mean uh already but this one is actually useful. So if so if if if if if so if so if so if you haven't done so already you know so so so so so like like download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or or or or or browse podcasts uh uh like uh in the you are Library tab. Also, make also, also, also, also, also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow us on there. So So So So So you I mean so you know I mean never miss an episode of optimal living advice advice advice advice advice. That being that being that being that being that being said, let's uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 45 45 45 45 of optimal living advice you know okay so like the podcast where we take any any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of wriggles picks is is is is is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding you know you know like like like like like you know out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you you you you you know that sort um um okay um of thing, but when it comes to finances no no no no no one nerds out like NerdWallet okay okay you know um real nerds who who who who who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators well well well well well well like uh and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's okay so so okay the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first first first first first it's uh okay like um free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do do do do do it? Yeah. I you know well um you know mean, I love free things. So So So So So there's also creation tools that allow you to record like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute well like like like like like uh okay your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora Pandora Pandora Pandora Pandora all these so you know I mean okay platforms so that way people can can can can can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own well I mean like I I I I I mean podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all in one um okay uh you know place. So download the free anchor app today today today today today or go to Anchor dot. F okay fokay fokay fokay fokay uh uh so m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast like so so so so so okay uh for C2 English level students. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your I'm your I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards I mean so so so so so okay uh Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show show show show show and don't forget to hit so so so so subscribe. So you don't miss any any any any any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode well I mean um you know know know know know. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper paper paper paper paper and their differences um uh um um with those in the C1 Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and okay okay um uh how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as as as as as we okay like like well breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the the the the the tree of life. You come okay okay I mean so and I feel the hands of of of of of God touching me. And I calm and you fall to um you know uh uh uh uh uh you know your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my my my my my breath is a fucking okay well so like that you're not forget. Your Your Your Your Your breath your breath your breath your breath your breath the Breath of Life kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps so okay so okay me high. You make me me me me me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really well well well well well well like okay appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of of of of of studying the Bible in this you know uh uh so way by by by by by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't well so so so so so um um often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk talk talk talk talk about it more and okay um well so today we're looking at. And really really really really really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see we see we see we see see see see see we see so so like I mean in the gospels really so Matthew 17 17 17 17 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took okay like um I mean with with with with with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where um um um um um I mean so like they could be alone. There in there in there in in in in in there in there in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome so so you know well back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You uh you uh you uh you uh you you you you you uh well um um just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's That's That's That's That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd well well um like want to say the the the the the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode you know know know know know I mean you know like. I would like to remind everybody. If you you you you you find yourself in a situation well um you know uh where you you you you you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they um so okay okay okay okay okay um are available to help you at any time. Their number their number their number number number number number their number their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We discussed I mean you know I mean okay a chapter from the series with all of of of of of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be like you know uh um warned. This is is is is is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really like I mean I I I I I mean well excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and and and and and feelings about the well like okay so original book theories, but that's over over over over over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic well so well so Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an okay you you you you you know well so interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel feel feel feel feel free to tweet along well um well uh with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team team team team team on Twitter to join uh so uh you know the conversation love our blog blog blog blog blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying like okay you you you you you know I mean around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, I hate doing this this this this this but we got to pay the bills and I I mean okay uh so don't don't don't don't don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you for well um so well listening by the way, but if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to um okay um so so so so so make a podcast. I know I know I know I know I know everybody's been been been been been locked up during this quarantine and a um like I mean um few people have reached reached reached reached reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get well well like like like like like so their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to to to to to do you know okay okay so it. It's free. There's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit the like uh okay well podcast, right? Your Your Your Your Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages well um like like. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, way, way, way, way, well so I mean I mean keep them come and keep harassing us and and and and and anchor will distribute the podcast so uh like well for you and can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this you know uh I I I I I mean uh so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I I I I I never even heard well so so okay of so it does the work for you you you you you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're you're you're you're you're listening well so uh well to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind well so um okay. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this this this this this and I gotta drink it. All so I mean um well right. So let's do do do do do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John I mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play Play Play Play Play guitar. Okay again, I do I mean you know so you you you you you know vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums drums drums drums drums. And well I mean like like I am Daniel and I play the bass bass bass bass bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this like like like okay is our first first first first first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will I mean uh uh uh uh uh so like be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious um um um um um like so like. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories stories stories stories stories by ordinary women from Munich So okay well you know um I'm procedure right? right right right right I am South African and I've been living in Munich for so you know know know know know like I mean almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist but most of you know well um like my focus goes into a trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It like okay so so so so so so was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so so so so so I I mean okay well so grew up thinking that how I lived was normal normal normal normal normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back into the hard hard hard hard hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with I mean you know you know um um um um um me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks uh you know well okay this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that that that that that you have to wear I mean well so um that albatross around your neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a well like so like lot lot lot lot lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to you you you you you know um um well traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's it's it's it's it's not a clock you know I mean you know okay. In the in the in in in in in the in the in the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were were were were were in Colombia. You covered uh you know like like the baseball game and then Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch uh uh um you know the basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or so um um um um um um um Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning uh I I I I I mean like okay to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the the the the the now you are okay so um I mean back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views the views the views the views the views views views views views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not so um I mean um necessarily stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their like like like like like like well well more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors colors colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 you you you you you know I mean uh you know episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell tell tell tell tell a little bit about what is actually well uh okay uh happening here. So you you you you you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is well you know know know know know you know I mean a podcast in which this young lady here with a a a a a okay well okay well mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see see see see see despite being 30 like uh like um something years of age. I don't need me me me me me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does where does where does where does where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on like like like like like um um you know musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all all all all all completely. It's really okay well well um cold down here. But here we are. We are are are are are bad back in the podcast Studio at okay you know okay uh Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward okay okay okay okay okay well so you know to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled to announce that so you know I mean I mean our guest today is singer-songwriter singer-songwriter singer-songwriter singer-songwriter singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome well like okay I I I I I mean you to my nerd Marine. No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge okay you you you you you know like I mean today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick so stick so so so so so stick so stick so stick around welcome back. Back everyone in so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up up up up up the California coast from um uh like well Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've now now now now now I've now I've now I've now I've been on a train before before before before before. But this uh so well you know was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting uh like like like like like well okay your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's like okay uh well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain first and foremost, it's free um I mean um okay. That means no money out of of of of of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you know uh like I mean you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just just just just just like uh um so that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So it can like you know I mean okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is like well well um on on on on on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from so you you you you you know well um your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is is is is is everything uh I mean uh I mean you need to make a podcast in one one one one one place. So what do you do download the free uh well okay like anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first uh well well so in a a a a a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those for those for those those those those those for those for those of you know so well well you that did did did did did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but well well well well well okay um you know we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So So So So So before we get well you know uh I mean into it is only right right right right right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike okay I mean um um um um um um as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are are are are are you? so um I mean so I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fine pretty much make okay um you know like sure the world goes around I I I I I think so. We are we are we are we are we are actually joined by by by by by another and um um um well we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a I mean well well like physicist cancer researcher award-winning science science science science science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying uh well well well well well so I mean this because he's they're here. I did I did I did I did I I I I I did actually say it to Mike off air well you know well uh as well well well well well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was was was was was so um uh like very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up up up up up organism right in I mean uh like I mean front of my eyes. I just sat in in in in in my booth we reading the rules so I mean well so again. And again, it it it it it was so dark in here that I had to use the you know uh like like like like like so small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the the the the the um I mean I mean uh lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken broken broken broken broken the first rule. Hopefully you hopefully you hopefully you hopefully you hopefully you you you you you know um like like other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This This This This This is going to be a uh um um I mean great shift. The first thing thing thing thing thing I tried was to walk out but I could like okay well well see see see see see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name like like like like like okay um okay is Adam. I am your host. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you thank you thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and uh you know know know know know um okay welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this this this this this episode, so okay like well I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am am am am am going so well uh okay uh I'm trying to put together this like like like like like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind uh well um uh of of of of of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way well so so so so so so uh to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've uh I I I I I mean I mean uh talked about in the past I talked about in the last last last last last episode that I so like so so really am a big fan of the the the the the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman so well uh I mean Prospect cards the the the the the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together um so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those those those those those specific cards, so uh you know well like Here's basically what I got, so so so so so like I was looking at like players I mean like well like basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never never never never never have to so so like um open up milk cartons again meet the milk milk milk milk milk Master 2000. Treat your fling uh like so uh flang, right? I am before you're going going going going going to see how easy this is okay well um okay to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton I I I I I mean uh you know okay. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris shared in like like uh okay other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to uh like um well you. What's your name Chris? Chris Chris Chris Chris Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the well um you you you you you know um casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date so so so so so like like I mean myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's and it's it's it's it's it's and it's and it's and it's so I mean I mean you know know know know know Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta you you know okay like well gotta really get into and a pause in between there there there there there. Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get out so like like like like like well like. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a a a a a stage and I mean uh you know I mean Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen screen screen screen screen if you wish and there you go you um uh well I mean are without without without without without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show like like like like like like okay well. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have have have have have a good signal well you know like so and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad okay okay okay okay okay well well uh reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise industry the diamond uh uh okay uh industry and even the divorce rate myths and and and and and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them you know well well okay are are are are are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few few few few few common so okay okay okay ones and how to combat them. One Millennials one Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials change jobs after one year I mean mean mean mean mean um well you know one myth that some might not know or even even even even even care to disprove is that Millennials uh well okay okay jump from job to job job job job job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of so well uh well well well well well Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did okay like like like like like uh well 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh up. Hi welcome. My name my name my name my name name name name name my name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on so so so so so well um you know Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year year year year year. I've created an Instagram account to uh okay I mean okay Market my items items items items items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will talk I mean um um um um um um um about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way way way way way uh um well well and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help help help help help you enhance and I mean um I mean uh possibly pick up your own side gig gig gig gig gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi so you know well well everyone. Welcome to to to to to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to today's English English English English English lesson where we are going to be learning all about uh you know well well well well well okay indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going going going going going to uh okay you know you know learn about singular plural and uncountable uncountable uncountable uncountable uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite uh um like well articles in in in in in English now for those of you who are Back again for I mean you know know know know know I mean uh another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new new new new new. I want um like well you know to quickly introduce myself. My name is is is is is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher uh I mean like I mean. I have have have have have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other like like like like like you know well well languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here here here here here Love Is in the Air IR I mean uh uh like jockey it those militia militia militia militia militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with uh I mean I I I I I mean okay my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if if if if if you I mean like okay you know are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie movie movie movie movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo so okay uh you know the kahane kahane kahane kahane kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova okay I mean mean mean mean mean so so attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are are are are are linked up. Ski bodies like okay you know okay are 90 Arjun made made made made made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did like so I I I I I mean so not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing students, it's Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is well you know okay uh Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because because because because because it feels uh uh okay um like there's been a lot going on this week, even even even even even though we've been on spring break um okay so so. I usually only send an email email email email email with a link to the theory courses. So so I mean you know I I I I I mean if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your your your your your clinical um okay okay uh group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information information information information information on to them or well I mean so I mean tell them to contact me me me me me so I can send them the link. This is important like like um well information that that that that that I want all of you to have. It's going to be like I I I I I mean okay uh even more important than usual for us to be in communication communication communication communication communication for you to like like um well have good communication with the nursing program program program program program over the next several weeks. You uh um uh you know need to to to to to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check you you you you you know um uh um any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so sorry that I have so so like so a neglected you guys guys guys guys guys. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really neglect to do do do do do but life's been busy Christmas you know okay so um and then you know know know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series okay you know know know know know you know you know 2. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've we've we've we've we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really like I mean mean mean mean mean well okay really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and and and and and I hope you know so I mean I mean you really enjoy Like always if if if if if you know anybody that would be great for um okay I mean you know the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I I I I I just wanted to quickly um um you know like just mention the sad death death death death death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people so I mean well okay just just just just just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if and and and and and if and if and if and if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to to to to to exploring in okay okay you know so a realistic and hopeful way what what what what what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and okay uh like well other other other other other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this this this this this podcast well I mean well okay. I want to issue a Proviso at at at at at the beginning of the Podcast which is okay like well well that this is absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention. So, please um so like like like like like uh seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I and I I I I I and I and I and I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside poolside poolside poolside poolside. Last podcast in this month's um uh okay well episode. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've got we've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at at at at at swim um you know like uh Ireland. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going we're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth you you you you you know like so okay some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a a a a a little bit about what is like okay you know uh expecting from from Tokyo with with with with with with some Island. I do I do I do I do I do need to apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize okay uh so you know for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings and I hope hope hope hope hope your March is off to a great start okay okay I mean um um um um um. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about about about about about uh well well well this new way to communicate with the department and what this this this this this means for like like like I mean DCS going forward as you know, the legislative legislative legislative legislative legislative session is in full swing okay um um you know. Our budget plan was was was was was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into like so like I mean the the the the the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote um like like like like like I mean okay on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased to okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay so announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point point point point point so so so uh. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better better better better better plan and assess okay uh well um our word the next steps will be for for for for for the legislature to Begin work on um uh like you know the fiscal year year year year year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode episode episode episode uh um um okay. We've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected those those those those those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with with with with with additional you know well um so Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from from from from from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across well uh well you know sources are are are are are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to well well um like lose the trail trail trail trail trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night I mean so like like like like like like. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone alone alone alone alone. Oh long arrows okay uh uh I mean foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the the the the the ground known to be deaf and okay well well you know assumed to be stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with um um um um um well like well the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple. Marvel features okay like so I mean marble is an American film and television television television television television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel well okay uh uh Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back well well well well well uh um um to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled to be talking so uh okay okay about today's topic. Back in back in back back back back back in back in back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip trip trip trip trip uh okay you know you know to the movie theater to watch the recent remake remake remake remake remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware well okay like um of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be I mean so well well well well well like altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's um like like like like like well um almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years years years years years older like so you know okay than me back in October of 2019. I I I I I met I met I met I met I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best best best um I mean you know you know the number one sports gambling podcast on on on on on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place I mean so well you know where where where where where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard Bastard Bastard Bastard Bastard out well well like you know a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we we we we we figured we just change it up because the um like okay um Mojo needed a little little little little little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned so uh I mean um um um um um just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song like like like like like uh you know well that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better better better better better give me that money I mean um I mean uh. Yeah that one so so so so so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk now uh um you know I mean. It was The Buzz. I'm your your your your your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have you know you know like um um um um um Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out out out out out and like like so you know ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual usual usual usual usual programming a because like like you know I mean we actually didn't have one one one one one of those this week. But if you're hankering like uh you know okay for for for for for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha T show well I mean so so. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training training training training training cards podcast and video series we have um I mean you know you know know know know know rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in I mean okay um well and let's get back to business today. So So So So So I'm making this video and podcast right after you know uh okay you know know know know know Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and and and and and rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now like well um like that got me me me me me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and uh um I I I I I mean okay Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now Now Now Now Now that okay I mean like well people can go out and buy based on what his his his his his base prism PSA tests. We going so well well so for see what we're we're we're we're we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a colorist for film television and I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on on on on on uh like I mean like their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine mine mine mine mine for an hour a day uh so uh okay or weeks on end depending depending depending depending depending on the project those clients might be directors writers I mean well I I I I I mean you know producers or cinematographers. It varies it varies it varies it varies varies varies varies varies it varies considerably depending on the project now our work so so uh um um um um um. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things things things things things. Sometimes it's color um so uh so but not necessarily and that is what the the the the the color couch is all about. It's like uh so um a glimpse behind the curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain of film and television the podcast will talk you know you know so well well well well well about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop well well well well well like I mean well Shop for everything related to night vision and and and and and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming I mean okay uh so out in the market, market, market, market, market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr you know I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got got got got got to say folks that was you know so uh you know very impressive that that that that that he got all those words out because that was his fifth um you you you you you know uh uh attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say say say say say is hey well uh uh like y'all welcome to the late night vision show show show show show and that he Fumbled it. We this okay well I mean so is a this this this this this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, um you know well well well well well I mean it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling and so like um okay man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well okay you know like Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could could could could could you get anything better at I mean okay so well something that's free. There's also also also also also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so so well uh uh uh uh uh podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your your your your your podcast for you know like um um you. So it can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean so well so you can make money money money money money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well well well well well okay okay I mean need to make. Podcast at one place download the free free free free free anchor app or so like so uh go to Anchor dot f f f f f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM I mean well um um um um um uh to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and and and and and be I mean um I mean like immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go go go go go coming at you week three, but four you um like like well probably week one one one one one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do what do what do what do what do you do baby boo and sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar live in to grow Nancy? And you and you and you and you and and and and and you know okay you know uh this is a sip and chill show Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the second episode. It like okay well so is the beginning of a fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh new start which means a whole nother month a well I mean mean mean mean mean well you know whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody new this week so so uh like next week the following week. You have have have have have a 30-something days and get your money up like so okay well. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby you know know know know know well I mean well. Shout out shout out shout out shout out shout out to to to to to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find well well well well well uh well so defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former former former former former Italian Prime Minister okay well so like Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead dead dead dead dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking okay uh um I mean him to work work work work work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the uh like um you you you you you know car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across you you you you you know um so so the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want want want want want from me? okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well so I I I I I mean But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one one one one one of three waiting I mean uh well so Fiats and sped off. Inside the car car car car car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from well okay like well his face and and and and and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we back episode 2 no no no no no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with I mean you know well well well well well I mean the body lacks. We got we got we got we got got got got got we got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk like you know know know know know like like anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth. She just I mean you know okay you know ate shaking like a a a a a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean um All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright. So what um uh you know like we talked about today today is a good good good good good one today. Just not back when I'm um um you know I mean gonna say say say say say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're I mean so so so so so you know like saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so so well uh okay listen. Congratulations on qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to um I mean mean mean mean mean uh um 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to to to to to this one you like you know you know I mean Cycles kind of of of of of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics I mean mean mean mean mean you know like um. Do you do you do you do you do you take take take take take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, I I I I I mean um you know uh if you've been following us over the past couple of of of of of episodes you well so well well would have noticed that we started a new new new new new series but the Foreigner lifestyle well um I mean well now, we've already had dr dr dr dr dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily I mean um um well well well well well. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this so so so so so so uh so episode. We kind we kind we kind we kind we we we we we kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera well well well well well uh um well. Joining us joining us joining us joining us joining us and and and and and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to to to to to us uh I mean so okay as a gift as we engage with the spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual truth of fasting. So thank so thank so thank so thank so thank okay you you you you you know uh I mean you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So So So So So your mom you're a like so you know like loving wife and you've you've you've you've you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent well well well well well so okay uh hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So So So So So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to kind of like like like like like like well so just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation well well I mean um from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow dislocations usually occur in older children okay you know okay well defined as between between between between between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including okay okay okay okay okay well you know well a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment treatment is usually closed well like like I mean reduction followed by brief immobilization unless unless unless unless unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in um well you know you know the the the the the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to you you you you you know uh okay okay six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male male male male male to female ratio is 3 2 I mean uh okay I mean 1 these these these these these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And you know know know know know well uh so these are very rare in younger children less than than than than than three years old the mechanism of you know I mean uh okay a pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying staying staying staying staying healthy. Today okay so like uh we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But But But But But first of all, I'd like to like like well you know introduce myself to those those those those those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a I'm a board um so well uh certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 you know so um well patients patients patients patients patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually so so so so so so uh uh have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU ICU ICU ICU ICU and critical uh I mean uh uh heal patients. So literally my patients have been been been been been very worried about the core virus you know well okay like and to be honest honest honest honest honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore and therefore and therefore therefore therefore therefore therefore and therefore and therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is okay well um um the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a a a a a platform that speaking of which uses well um um okay and it's awesome because because because because because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so um uh uh uh uh uh okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can I I I I I mean like um so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's everything that you need to okay I mean so okay make a podcast in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um uh so I I I I I mean dot f m-- to get started. If you if you if you if you you you you you if you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee. Ask so I mean well I mean Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going going going going going to come up with a name for okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional um um um um um um um I mean content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So this is something that like so I mean well is interesting for for for for for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this this this this this um you know like uh anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's it's it's it's it's free. There are there are there are there are there are tools uh well well well well well so well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone so uh um so. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was was was was was actually recorded on my phone I mean okay well so and uploaded all my my my my my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the so um like you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point uh you you you you you know like okay. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of of of of of challenges well I mean you know like a lot of obstacles and these were were were were were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience I mean well like uh of of of of of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to guide guide guide guide guide you join me as I go along so you know um like you're joining the words words words words words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual met the business mentor? Hey, well uh so um have you heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, okay like uh well well well well well I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it well uh uh uh uh uh like uh engine. Oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back to the the the the the project Prima podcast. I have I have I have I have I have with me me me me me today the uh uh like you know lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to to to to to introduce you to her. She is you know uh okay you know a fantastic lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I mean okay you know know know know know um I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions questions questions questions questions about like so well like ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your your your your your best self and frankly. I don't well um uh like feel qualified to talk to to to to to about that but I do think that Kathleen has so I mean you know you you you you you know a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi okay I mean like I mean everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I I I I I am Kathleen child. I am okay I mean uh I mean a mom of two two two two two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and and and and and you know you know uh I mean days. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass so you you you you you know I mean uh Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys guys guys guys guys and gals to his uh like I mean I mean right is is is is is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it um okay you you you you you know uh going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can can can can can okay like okay so hear him. I don't know if you guys guys guys guys guys can hear him. And then and then and then and then and then tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight we welcome you know okay um so on a very very special guest guest guest guest guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have I I I I I have I have I have I have my homegirl uh so you know so my my my my my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's good? well you know you know well It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who who who who who you are. Like, what do you uh you know like um do like like like like like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I I I I I you know you know okay like do. I don't like to limit too much with with with with with the words. But um, I kind I mean okay so so of do a a a a a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner reiki practitioner reiki practitioner reiki practitioner reiki practitioner integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm I mean um so you know amongst other things yoga yoga yoga yoga yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you okay okay okay okay here here here here here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit um like okay okay okay okay okay like myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process process process process process of uh like okay so making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr dr dr dr dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you doing I mean okay like so hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All All All All All right. What do what do what do what do what do you want I I I I I mean uh so you know to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know know know know know there's not much stock um okay I mean I mean boat. We still haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback um um so you know kids kids kids kids kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I okay, I okay, I I I I I okay, I okay, I believe off the well um like well where we thought we we we we we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about um so so so so so you know like house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to to to to to get sucked back in well well okay um. Yep. And then I think you were were were were were to it's like when fully back you know so I mean um on board board board board board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that like like like like like like I mean okay podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been hurt you know okay like like like like like you know too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast we switched uh uh you know well but I was still whatever. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm okay well so so so so so like proud. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not fully back. They've They've They've They've They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus game game game game game. Got me back so um you know okay to being like, I think I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll die for this team. I think I think I think I think I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're featuring the first of two episodes on um um okay um the big burn burn burn burn burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people you know like well well perished perished perished perished perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase increase increase increase increase the budget for the like uh like like u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes like this follow natural disasters free on um uh I mean um Spotify. Wherever you you you you you get your podcasts. Due to due to due to due to due to to to to to the graphic consequences of today's disaster um so so you know listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 okay so um okay pm pm pm pm pm. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of of of of of young okay like like so volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is richie is richie richie richie richie richie is richie is richie is joining me again, and so you know well uh uh uh uh uh we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started started started started started the painting you know okay you know you know that I talked about last last last last last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the so uh I mean mean mean mean mean well tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting starting starting starting starting and finishing this like okay I mean you know podcast is brought to you you you you you by my online class layer by layer where you will like you know um um um um um um see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So So So So So if uh okay okay um you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura horn art.com forward you know well well okay slash classes click on layer by layer layer layer layer layer and don't forget to use I mean I mean um okay the coupon code. The coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you um like I I I I I mean okay will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So So So So So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Whether this well you know okay um is your first time tuning in or you're you're you're you're you're returning guest. Thank you so much um I mean like uh for your support. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me okay you know so so so so so so is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody Cody Cody Cody Cody. Remember, excuse me I mean okay okay so. If you're if you're if you're if if if if if you're if you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is is is is is I mean okay okay like. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline outline outline outline outline all things. Faucets related we talked so um uh okay to folks from the staff staff staff staff staff here. We do we do we do we do we do industry Trends or or or or or events. So yeah, like uh uh okay we just kind of cover it all remember remember remember remember remember if you need Wheels tires suspension so so uh um custom offsets is the the the the the place you're going to want to head on over to you know well I mean mean mean mean mean like you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway yesterday and like well okay uh it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with with with with with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been been been been been a fucking week yesterday so uh so well was it was sick sick sick sick sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with uh so well well us us us us us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but now now now now now but now but now but now but I mean I mean you know like like like like like yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity was on gravity you know you know okay so Mero Mero Beyond pain was was was was was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose you know so you know know know know know like brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it it it it it was I mean I mean I mean I mean if you didn't lose brain cells, I I I I I don't I don't know what you're okay like like well doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let like um okay um me explain. It's a proof. There are there are are are are are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to record and you know know know know know so like okay edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast okay um uh you know for you. So it so it so it it it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many more I mean uh like I mean you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well like um uh you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a I mean you know know know know know okay like question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has everybody has has has has has everybody has everybody has everybody has a dream okay like uh so life. We all have have have have have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live like uh um okay okay okay okay okay my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere close to it seems impossible okay you know well so. It's too hard. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't okay okay you know well well well well well have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go okay okay like you know Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light light light light light tail is life saving. Once upon like well um um a time in in in in in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation I I I I I mean um you know well to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket but due I mean well well uh to the peak season had to to to to to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a well like I mean well frequent flyer flyer flyer flyer flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for for for for for well I mean so so him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast I I I I I mean so okay you know the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see see see see see a change in our like you know well so industry who are ready ready ready ready ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part so like so you know of of of of of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting you know you you you you you know I mean like impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? now now now now Let's get into the well well well so show. I'm here today with a special guest guest guest guest guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well, well, well, well, well so like like I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I I I I I said your last name right? I mean so you know like You You You You You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean um I mean like let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business um okay well like name is starboard editing and I do do do do do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to I I I I I mean well like so our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part part part part part of this series. We've you know so you know like sat down with some exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes I mean you you you you you know uh so them tick additionally. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's well well so so so so so I mean day. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We okay like well I mean mean mean mean mean sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group you you you you you know uh um you know Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry industry industry industry industry the majority of them okay uh okay okay being in senior leadership roles. I also also also also also had the privilege of working with Jackie like um you know um at Chandler Chandler Chandler Chandler Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk like okay so um now. It was was was was was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new well well well well well well you know like gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like like like like like a super show. We have uh so well well so much new to get through through through through through so much gossip II just they stayed with okay um like okay me girl. Stay Stay Stay Stay Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my so you know know know know know you know um immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy love like I mean okay uh having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In In In In In. Okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's start with AB uh you you you you you know okay I mean pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers up. First so uh well I mean of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host well okay um um um um um um other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the the the the the start um I mean okay uh of any number two. And before we get get get get get going we want to give a big I mean okay well okay shout-out to our our our our our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier okay so well you know know know know know enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over over over over over to okay I mean okay okay their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an an an an an array of great well like I mean like training gloves anywhere from the donut to to to to to The Equalizer to the focus framer or uh I mean you know um even even even even even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our so like so well well well well well weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your like you know know know know know you know um a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast helpful to fulfill well okay like well your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified chartered surveyor, this week's so you know you know okay blog. We take a look look look look look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now now now now now have you know okay so well official clarification from our ICS on the issue for for for for for you firstly. What is the like so I mean so six-year rule in the Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you like okay okay you you you you you know enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of so I mean mean mean mean mean um okay the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and in in in in in and in and in and in and around us. In fact, um uh so okay okay okay okay okay even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially you know know know know know well so um energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny cells well you know okay uh and tighten cells into Small little Adam and and and and and Adam in two electrons. What are they? um I mean so uh They are Energies. They They They They They are a form of energy your body is in energy um um uh I mean mean mean mean mean. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we so we so we so we so we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is this is this is this is is is is is this is your host Victoria Philippi like well uh you know. The run for for for for for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your well well well well well okay I mean like training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert expert expert expert expert run coaches and athletes the uh okay I mean well questions that you've been been been been been dying to know the answers to we will get the uh so like uh inside inside inside inside inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be okay okay okay okay okay um so well. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, how did they get so fast um well like um well, This podcast is is is is is for you. We are going to do a deep dive like um uh uh uh uh uh uh to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain gain gain gain gain um I mean I mean well endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who who who who who has a previous background in a like um um like robic sports, like distance swimming biking biking biking biking biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some you know know know know know I mean like uh have been through multiple exits others. This is this is this this this this this is this is this is a first-time kind of thing, but you know know know know know so um okay they all have one common thread which is they know where where where where where there's a pain in sports okay so you know well or Esports. They know they they they they they have a solution for that and they know that you know uh okay like there there there there there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to so you know okay well sports Tech feed the the the the the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen so I mean you you you you you know well to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have have have have have you know well I mean I mean you joining us. Once again, we've got got got got got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with um well you know um um um um um Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia is a global you know uh like um Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund fund fund fund fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports I mean you know so well. They've had had had had had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay you know successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa you know well well okay Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host okay uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not not not not not any astrologer. She is I mean like so okay the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's She's She's She's She's written two books working on a okay okay so so third. She's basically like the the the the the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire so like uh well you can ever ever ever ever ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I I I I I okay like um so just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through through through through through like I mean so I mean website. She just gave me one one one one one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's it's it's it's it's Chompers time your morning and night uh so okay um toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side um um uh okay and brush brush brush brush brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its I mean you you you you you know um um heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman woman woman woman woman. Whose hard work helped well well like um black women all over America America America America America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well you know CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was was was was was born in I mean I mean um um 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time time time time time making enough money to feed herself okay so I mean well and her daughter Laila Laila Laila Laila Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today today today today today like like so well. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset to help you achieve okay so um uh a more successful and fulfilling life life life life life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's so you know like um do do do do do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for so so so so so you know okay you know many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early early early early early on in your life or like so well uh did it come a bit later later later later later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and well uh you know like like like like like yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general like um um um um um okay uh and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope hope hope hope I mean so okay okay y'all are growing in your faith some some some some some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, you know so okay like so don't don't don't don't don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button um well well well well well you know okay. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of of of of of you. If you I mean I mean okay okay could smash the Subscribe button, button, button, button, button, it means a lot to us and it gets okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, now, now, now, now, well well so okay let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good Good Good Good Good man, great. Uh-huh. All well all well all well all well all well uh uh uh uh uh uh um right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something something something something something about that, well I mean you know um right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are probably the power just like I'm a a a a a skip okay so well I mean to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, today's topic. We are uh I mean okay well still on our demonic Church Church Church Church Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few okay uh um like here and and and and and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't like like like like like so um okay heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because because because because because one it's free well okay well uh and there's a lot of creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay I mean um okay your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And so so so so so I mean I mean um once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so like well like uh you can make easy easy easy easy easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing well well well okay your Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor or some of you may know me like um well uh as tells and this this this this this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an I mean well you know so Excel as as as as as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we um okay okay okay okay okay well so know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your your your your your host so um uh uh Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of of of of of an intro for the podcast so I mean I mean like in which I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to so you know know know know know well uh be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is is is is is talk so um well okay a little bit about our community. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's kind of go through the basics um like um so before we get any further for for for for for now. I'll just I'll just I'll just I'll just I'll just play you in with some some some some some music and then we'll get started. See you see you see you see you see you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay okay um um well or reflect those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and uh like like like like like uh uh opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy guy guy guy guy Avid baseball fan and he okay uh you know like gave us 40 minutes of of of of of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips uh like so you know know know know know and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how how how how how they you know like um like can A&R their own projects. But then as they start start start start start to progress in their career well okay like okay how they can start to, you you you you you know, reach out to you know, bigger and you know so um okay ours ours ours ours ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this this this this this um so uh so is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show show show show show if you guys are I mean you know so I mean looking for more information information information information information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out okay well well well well well like well at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric McClellan former A&R at I mean uh okay you know Warner Music Group Group Group Group Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So like like I mean mean mean mean mean you know yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network Network Network okay okay okay um. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for for for for for um okay like you know you today. Today. We're going to dive into the the the the the world of Animation. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an an an an an amazing guest with me a um so uh well first-hand animator and one one one one one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody uh well so I I I I I mean look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get get get get get him on um like uh uh the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me me me me me and Andrew always okay you know like so talk about animated films. So we thought thought thought thought thought this would be you know, the perfect category um so so like to kind kind kind kind kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five five five five five minutes talk uh well I mean uh on experience and shortcuts those of you you you you you who have been listening to me for a so so like you you you you you know while have been following me on the internet out there in the social social social social social media so um you know like Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of of of of of experience trumps everything actually created a well like like I mean hashtag experience trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping you know you know I I I I I mean um the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering mastering mastering mastering mastering anything like well you know I mean in this world, especially sharpening your your your your your skills as a nurse you need experience um so you know so. There is nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last last last last last uh I mean uh well night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the the the the the Houston Rockets just a okay well you know okay waste of time of us trying to to to to to win so we can get a higher well um you know well spot. What does it it it it it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's like I mean I I I I I mean like a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the um um um um um I mean well like point besides that Besides you I have sold my my my my my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr okay so so you know. PSA 10. I had had had had had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and you you you you you know I mean you know okay sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Now I had this you know well uh um card for $125 for the longest longest longest longest longest time and I took it off because I was uh okay so you know know know know know afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your your your your your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast so okay um so. Thank you so much much much much much for listening. If you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd like to support support support support support us more. Please um you know so you know head over to our website dear skate skate skate skate skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some um so I I I I I mean okay pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to to to to to you know well well uh our patreon page and see what how you can can can can can support us monthly. We love uh like okay well bringing you awesome content just just just just just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the like well okay I mean mean mean mean mean show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought brought brought brought brought you know okay uh I mean your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the the the the the I mean okay I mean well woods with DDS a thank you guys guys guys guys guys so much for tuning in and so okay you know I mean we look forward to to to to to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so um you know so so so so so I mean much for tuning in again. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is the first episode of in the woods with well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of of of of of uh well well I mean these that we do we also plan to have a a a a a lot of different different you know okay like I mean guest on the show show show show show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going um uh uh uh uh uh so okay to be going to be helping out and joining us the first first first first first of which okay uh well I mean is my very own younger, brother brother brother brother brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was you know so um you know know know know know going on? Everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just happy to be here here here here here. He's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm so so so so so okay like I mean just here to let you guys know that anchor is is is is is the best way to make a okay like so okay podcast online. If you're looking looking looking looking looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to like I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean make a podcast. It gives it gives it gives it it it it it gives it gives you everything you need in one place for free, you know well like you you you you you know which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools you you you you you know I mean um like allows you to record and edit your podcast. So So So So So it sounds even better. They'll okay I mean uh well distribute your podcast for you you you you you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple okay so uh um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with okay okay okay okay okay so um so no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money money money money money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag I mean okay um you know know know know know Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing okay like okay well probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of of of of of all well uh okay so time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you that he's I mean I mean you know so staying put put put put put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it it it it it I mean um uh I mean just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like like like like like him somebody that has been okay well you know so in the NFL for just just just just just about 20 years spent it all with one team just uh I I I I I mean well like doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make make make make make sense to me. So uh well so like it doesn't make sense to me for this this this this this man the go out and play for like uh I mean you know another team team team team team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England England England England England Patriots. It just it just it just it just it just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way um um um um um um uh well to get you going. All you all you all you all you you you you you all you have to do is go to Anchor okay okay so um dot. F F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started and you know what? It's It's It's It's It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free just I mean you you you you you know like so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and and and and and you're so like uh so on your way to your own podcast. You can have have have have have fun. You can talk um okay you know uh about whatever you want to talk about about about about about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever I mean well well I I I I I mean you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once okay okay okay okay okay uh well like again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- like I mean so um in you on your way. He's He's He's He's He's not going back again. Another segment of the um you know well uh roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way you know well so I mean to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow um like so uh you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute I mean okay you you you you you know so our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many you know I mean uh like more you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean uh to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your your your your your for your for your for your for your um I mean you know know know know know uh phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet internet internet internet internet well I mean okay um people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about about about about about a meme and it's uh I mean you know I mean not just a a a a a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know people have and we're going to look into it understand that that that that that nothing. I like I like I like I like I like so um like like like like like say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam well um um um um um uh like Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't can't can't can't can't get I mean like I mean like enough free agency. I mean Harold, I I I I I mean, yeah, you know what you left like um okay okay okay we we we we we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a a a a a uh like okay uh record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know know know know know we were in Indianapolis. We um um well um did our free free free free free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we okay well I I I I I mean so both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Jones scoop. So uh okay you know okay we're really happy that we got great great great great great feedback on it and that people really you know well um you you you you you know listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's it's it's it's it's um you know like you know confusing because we release the last two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes out of order. When one one I mean you know um like three two. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how will how will they trust how how how how how will our fans? How are I mean okay so I mean we gonna get through this this this this this as a group? I think I think that all hate I mean um you know know know know know okay mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an an an an an avant-garde movie where uh okay um okay they Least like where it's like they they they they they don't show you the current timeline like Witcher okay well okay so. I've hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would um um um um um um I mean okay you right now? It's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's it's it's it's it's ruining it's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get um um um um um well uh I mean so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So So So So So what are okay so okay you know your biggest Skyrim breath of the the the the the wild and now which are you like medieval you know um okay well don't don't don't don't don't you I do. What about war? What about what about what about what about about about about about what about like like guns big fan of well like um so shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment moment moment moment moment to give you guys a little idea like like you know okay how we do it it it it it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh okay I mean I I I I I mean dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different different different different different platforms um well so uh. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from I mean mean mean mean mean so you know well your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m m m m m or like like um like Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is is is is is brought to you by I mean I mean you know you know jig jig jig jig jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and so well well well well well well you know use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig jig jig jig jig order um I mean I mean uh today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets pallets pallets pallets pallets and podcast. This is this is this is this is this is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised I I I I I mean I mean okay well a bear and lower the tone all things FPL FPL FPL FPL FPL related this week folks. We are uh so well you know going to take take take take take you on a journey blank to the Future and before um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's so like like like like like like like a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not not not not not in you know like uh okay this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week week week week week that saw several Blast from the Past tear well um I mean okay up up up up up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film film film film film you know I mean I mean like references and of course I'm talking about the the the the the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which okay I mean I mean like Drew assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he I mean you you you you you know okay like could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of of of of of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing okay okay okay um episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Hiller one of our newest okay you know well okay patreon patrons today today today today today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions so so so so so so like well talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there there there there there I mean well okay like will be a very special interview with Great Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing um I mean okay you know Animal Crossing New New New New New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you how you how how how how how you how you how you I mean I mean you know so doing? Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really so um well uh uh uh uh uh productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's It's It's It's It's okay I mean so um been filled with a lot of news and then I I I I I also got some amiibo you know like well okay cards. I mean putting putting putting putting putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to to to to to well uh uh uh say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in in in in in today. I am going you know you know like so to focus on a very very very very very touchy topic. This is this is this is this is this is a topic that's very close close close close close to um uh uh so my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I I I I I just decided today that you know my uh uh okay um needed to you know, know, know, know, know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally I mean so okay like like like like like. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine mine mine mine mine other I mean uh um uh things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode episode episode episode episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke you know so I mean I I I I I mean Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just I just just just just just I just I just I just want to say okay so uh like thank thank thank thank thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh Instagram following and just giving a real sense sense sense sense sense of community around this podcast uh uh well like. So thank you to everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's um so like so Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the well well well well well like so uh bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil. It was it was it was it was it was uh well I mean well well well well well quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first the first the first first first first first the first the first loss that you go off so you know um um um um um um is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one one one one one exactly one point um I mean okay um off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media media media so like okay so a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories stories stories stories stories insights I mean so so you know experimentation and learnings to help you and and and and and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 so you know so well. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on on on on on okay okay so you know a brand new 10 times version of the science science science science science of social media. We I mean um I mean um can't wait to share share share share share it with you in just a few weeks. In the um you know well well well well well well meantime. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted to revisit a really really really really really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of um um okay you know the most essential essential essential essential essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere I mean you you you you you know uh um websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode episode episode episode episode. We'll so okay you know uh give you the tools to write exceptional copy copy copy copy copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a well um uh um daily devotional where we dig into God's word word word word word and explore what it means to live with so so I mean well. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Hope that hope that hope that hope that hope that is exactly what Paul is is is is is talking about here in I mean well you know so 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going going going going going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 um I mean um uh uh uh uh uh today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if if if if if the tent uh I mean you know well that is our Earthly Earthly Earthly Earthly Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house well I mean you know know know know know okay not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if if if if if indeed by putting it um well uh like on we may not be found naked for for for for for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want like okay okay okay okay okay I mean like to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the the the the the app that I use to record I mean you know I mean uh my my my my my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it it it it it well I mean I mean okay allows you to use tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast straight from so you know you know well your phone phone phone phone phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's okay I I I I I mean uh you know been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so I can be okay uh uh um heard on Spotify app app app app app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from I mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in so I I I I I mean well well one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot fm to um you know um I mean get started. Before I start this this this this this podcast, I just want to let you guys um um okay um know know know know know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now now now now now um uh um like. It's only it's only it's only it's only it's only only only only only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the like like like like like well like like way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, data, data, data, data, okay so I mean well we save teachers hours each week by bringing them them them them them quality downloadable teaching resources for so um like okay their classrooms to make your your your your your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on you know you know okay okay okay okay okay you know here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching. Please rate well well uh um and review us any Apple podcast app and and and and and help us to reach more teachers gears so like okay I mean. Have you heard heard heard heard heard of the daily? 5 Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali is a passionate teacher um um um um um like well so who is has used this source and program to engage in in in in in Delight so well I mean um how beautiful students she's a huge fan of of of of of the daily 5 and she documents I mean well okay like her students students students students students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has has has has has okay like so okay been a game-changer for her and her students. My students students students students students my students my students my students my students came to school on like uh so okay okay okay okay okay the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and I I I I I mean you know like uh that for me I was just sold so so so so so I knew it was worth it well I mean um um. Welcome Ellie. Thank you you you you you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are like well well well well well so um you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even even even even even happier. Well, uh well, uh well, uh well, uh well, uh uh okay um I I I I I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest okay okay okay okay okay uh well um. Oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get get get get get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis is looking into the okay you know well you know foreign exchange program program program program program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty like like like like like I mean like I mean. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's that's that's that's that's what you're after. You know why uh okay like I mean they call her her her her her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of um um well so them in in in in in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 20 20 20 20 uh okay like well minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy shy shy shy shy of an A+. Look point you know uh okay well is the the the the the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for um like like like like like you know okay a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think think think think think chili um I mean I mean uh dog will be a great fit in the the the the the halls of our school and coming to um okay I mean well Barcelona will will will will will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance Teleperformance Teleperformance Teleperformance Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco like uh um well Kid metal metal metal metal metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh well like like like like like well uh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing person with a I mean well okay so beautiful leadership. His leadership his leadership his leadership his his his his his leadership his leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the people people people people people you like well so you know put together. I want to take advantage advantage advantage advantage advantage of this to share with you guys. The I mean well uh you know know know know know fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Super Super Super Super Ten and so um I mean so it's because of you guys you guys guys guys guys guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we I mean uh okay um have have have have have built and where we were going. He's other he's other he's other he's other he's he's he's he's he's other portion of his leadership is well I mean um um scouting on profitable part part part part part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation um I I I I I mean so okay coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in in in in in my like so um well life. I bucked Authority. I can I can I I I I I can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand like so so so so so well well it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and and and and and said, so uh uh okay oh you should be making more black art. Are Are Are Are Are you should be making more black looking so okay so I mean things. I would would would would would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug you know know know know know I mean so well. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the the the the the first in a I mean uh like uh series of very special live episodes recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded right here at the Armory show in New York so you know I mean you you you you you know City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check check check check check out one of I mean like well um the hottest art fairs in in in in in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens queens queens queens queens and everything in between what boom like um well so you're listening to the the the the the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy well uh I mean uh Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness um okay okay okay okay okay you know you know insanity fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the the the the the podcast shame on you start you know so so I mean from the the the the the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to like I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but but but but but you should pour okay okay um like yourself a drink because I like to to to to to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you have you have you have you have you heard about anchor? It's actually actually actually actually actually what I'm using right now to so you know okay well record my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast episodes. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been using it for for for for for the last several months and I um okay um uh absolutely love it. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean well uh like to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or a computer anchor um like well I mean will even distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on um um okay um um um um um On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your your your your your uh uh like well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one so I mean well okay place. All you you you you you have to do is download the free anchor app or go okay so you know know know know know so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended extended extended extended extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you well I I I I I mean like uh haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your your your your your life together, but okay you know like you know if you haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and uh uh I mean okay I I I I I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation you know okay I mean um tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh you know know know know know I mean um your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing it uh I mean you know I mean from my phone. In addition to that it it it it it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your like um I mean you know know know know know podcast for you. So can so can so can so can so can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean like many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make make make make make money so like you know like from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, which is awesome for me because I like so you know I mean probably had had had had had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make like you know know know know know uh you know in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing okay like uh um show start brushing on the top of your mouth and and and and and brush a little circles all um okay you know like the way around each tube three, three, three, three, three, it's heroines week. And today's and today's and today's and today's and today's hero is is is is is Emily Warren Roebling? you know I mean well uh Have you ever heard of the the the the the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New I mean okay so so so so so like York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from from from from from all I mean so um well over the world come to to to to to New York each year and take pictures of uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you you you you you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is dr. POL POL POL POL POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on uh well uh okay the John Hopkins database database database database database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred well uh like uh twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United United United United United I mean like well I mean States. We have we have we have we we we we we have we have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're not not not not not we're not we're not at one. 102 cases uh I mean um um um um um um confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had had had had had any you know you know um you know deaths in California. And so and so so so so so and so and so and so there might be something specific look going on in um um um um um uh uh like terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia from our villains um you know uh you know podcast. He was he was was was was was he was he was he was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by by by by by the end of so so uh you know the 1920s. He was one of the the the the the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the like you know okay so criminal underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or so well well well well well you know so wherever you get your podcasts. On the on the on the on on on on on the on the bank of the Hudson River North of New York so like well um um um um um City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921. The um um like uh criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst worst worst worst worst many of them were so uh okay like there for Life others for death by by by by by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome well okay so um to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories stories stories stories stories that people would like uh um okay well to talk about with your view to give give give give give lessons that they learned from their experiences um you know um well. We hope you find find find find find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are so so so so so like like um outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly where but like well so um it is hella windy here. What is is is is is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, I mean you know uh I I I I I mean you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind kind kind kind kind of like you know um so Penny but this is next level. I I I I I am I am I am I am I am not used to this. How'd you you you you you um like okay uh guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise raise raise raise raise yourself. Let's not I mean like okay you know even go there. So this this this this this so this so this so this so this has been a meeting that's been in the the the the the I mean well okay so making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're We're We're We're We're offering our listeners some additional content about uh um like um the world of of of of of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most uh I mean mean mean mean mean so so notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most so so well um fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as as as as as Network. We've collected short clips from okay um I mean you know some of of of of of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like okay uh so uh motivation method and and and and and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can you know you know know know know know okay um find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to podcasts a you know I mean um you know list of episodes that we we we we we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing you know I mean mean mean mean mean um uh cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what what what what what needs to be understood okay uh you know so about a medieval village, is that that that that that obviously in the medieval period things um okay uh like were very different different different different different in regards to how people lived. So most people in um uh you know okay England England England England England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you like I I I I I mean well like were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did did did did did face a uh you know so like constant struggle to survive and live tended tended tended tended tended to be very short for so for those so well well you know people people people people people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as you know you you you you you know well like 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a a a a a medieval village was all so uh I mean well based around one concept and that was was was was was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the now the now the now the now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name is Rachel Braun Braun Braun Braun Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and you know well so um brains brains brains brains brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach you you you you you know um so like so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion so I actually I mean okay like well knew a little bit about Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany um okay like uh uh uh uh uh Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of of of of of said okay you know you know um that the The line was actually in in in in in our major. So I had a little heads-up uh I mean like okay who is is is is is going to be but not really a lot of people have had so you know like well well well well well classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn State. It's well like okay um kept secret till their senior year who who who who who our mascot is and a few months ago uh okay uh um during football season, right right right right right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want you want want want want want you want you want you want to so uh like I mean give us us us us us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my so, my so, my so, my my my my my so, my name is Zach. So okay like I mean like I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been we've been a bit delayed in having so okay okay so the massively same same same same same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro okay um uh uh uh uh uh um there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about about about about about a cat America and like uh well I mean this week. I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, America, America, America, America, I'm gonna I mean I mean well um go on to talk about that shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. It's light its which and big old like so you know you know Mitch and we've we've we've we've we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll okay okay okay okay okay okay um well just go as we always do talking about the game that happened happened happened happened happened yesterday. You may so okay uh well see that I've barely got a voice and and and and and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be I I I I I mean so um I mean your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all all all all all the tips and tools uh I mean like uh you need to to to to to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your I mean I I I I I mean well like dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I I I I I want to um I mean you know okay fill you in on one of of of of of my key marketing strategies that has worked really you know um okay um effectively over the the the the the past year. And that and that and that and that and that is using this this this this this podcast as a so well I mean well platform to share my message to connect connect connect connect connect with more like-minded human beings and really so like well well to bring new new new new new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is Is Is Is he so you know um um talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near near near near near the bottom of um like I mean uh the mood about to analyze the first first first first first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta I mean you know so like like like like like near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house house house house house um like like okay and either places something into the hand of the ball by it it it it it or take something well I mean like okay out of his open hand and brings it it it it it out and then D is high up well you know I mean um. Now I I I I I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira um okay um uh uh uh uh uh want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction the you know uh um you know notion of carrying something involves really three three three three three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting you know like I mean well which means means means means means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is you know know know know know I mean okay um traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain domain domain domain domain boundary or for modem or okay okay okay uh in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm okay okay okay okay okay so okay so Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so, um, I mean like I mean you you you you you know I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And And And And And I work well so so so on different type of client So based off of of of of of a studio in Westford, and I I mean well like so just hope people feel better better better better better and just be able to move and have uh okay I mean I mean more energy energy energy energy energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how how how how how so I mean like you know this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started started started started started just on YouTube, but I knew that uh uh like uh I needed to to to to to get on audio. So I so I so I so I so I asked asked asked asked asked a buddy of mine who's I mean like so well a podcast producer. How do do do do do I do this? And he just told me anchor you know uh um um um um um you know use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on on on on on the Internet. It's so like uh um also free. You can edit record your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your you know okay well I mean computer and and and and and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so um um um um um uh uh like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and and and and and many more you can you know so okay uh make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You well you well you well you well well well well well you well okay you know I mean can make money from your podcast. It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a well well okay you know podcast all all all all all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today today today today today okay so I mean you know. We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Hollis. This was a very like okay um so special episode. I like these these these these these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of so like uh okay the the the the the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And And And And And since I mean well I mean okay it was the second time we had had had had had him on we'd already covered his career uh well so so. And so I got got got got got to talk about a lot of things on this show I mean you know know know know know um okay and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on on on on on a okay well you know like lot of different things and we kind of of of of of went through a couple topics one so you know uh well was his little little little little little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in well um like uh uh uh uh uh New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then okay you you you you you know like you know Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At you know know know know know um uh like all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like mmm, like mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, like mmm, like mmm, like my mom used to you know uh um um um um um um come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and so so so so so like uh so try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just just just just just kind of paints a picture okay like so um of like boundaries. So my my my my my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at you know so okay okay okay okay okay I mean all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting setting setting setting setting okay like um okay where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how how how how how about setting? Oh like well okay okay and there's like a mirror right across from my my my my my back to our it was okay well okay okay like a glass shower. So So So So So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like how can vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability be brought into this room uh like uh so more right? No. Yeah. She She She She She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you know uh I mean you know you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank okay I mean okay uh you for joining me again, and you will not not not not not believe it guys. I promise you uh um like like it was not planned. I I I I I have another friend with me today. She came visiting I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so okay for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get get get get get these things in okay you know okay okay order for the journey ahead and we we we we we were just having conversations about, you know, well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it it it it it that I mean so you know I mean says, you know, you have to to to to to collaborate and do all those great things. But uh but uh but uh but uh but but but but but uh well like so there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular particular particular particular particular goal by yourself, you know um I mean um but me how far now you you you you you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to you know so you know know know know know well flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old old old old old daughter found brutally murdered um you know so uh in their home. And as as as as as and as and as and as and as if it couldn't get any worse, no one knows knows knows knows knows you know like uh um who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the the the the the mysterious brick of murders uh so like uh and want to hear more like like like like like it check out our series unsolved murders every I mean well well you know Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders murders murders murders murders I mean I mean so like follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you listen to podcasts. Due to well so I mean I mean the graphic nature nature nature nature nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations like like like like like okay I mean so and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of of of of of a young girl okay I mean okay well that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the the the so okay you know um podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought brought brought brought brought to you by neht and naht um uh you know like Edge. This month's this this this this this month's this month's this month's this month's episode is a technology special in in in in in which we asked whether technology well like you know uh can support learning learning learning learning learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big so so so so so like I mean uh Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this this this this this Gus whether or not well you know you know I mean mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in in in in in well um uh like conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou. Daisy will be well um so I mean I mean known to our regular regular regular regular regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of well so so so so so you know okay a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director director director director director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the the the the the fucking like so so I mean word genus species. But back to chapter 24 24 24 24 24 to see what it actually is about today. So I mean um uh um um um um um I hope you enjoy. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to biology biology biology biology biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane well uh so so way way way way way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for so okay okay okay okay okay like um listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time I mean mean mean mean mean um um like this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News Daily. We I mean like um okay haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 like um um well days, but but but but but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from so so so so so okay uh so the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that that that that that she's dating so well you know you know a woman what you might not know about Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie though is that she sells you know so well so naked photos of herself online online online online online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she so you know um um has content content content content content. That's a bit risque. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems some some some some some people may have found okay like um so this out though as Stephanie took her her her her her Instagram stories to lay everything out so like I mean I mean. Out Out Out Out Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that like I mean mean mean mean mean so uh having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative creative creative creative creative projects and well you know so you know it's also helped her income in in in in in general. She ends it saying I'm you know uh like uh a hello an an an an an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything so so so so so you know like like. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to love love love love love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl you know know know know know like uh okay. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her her her her her body and her patreon so okay I mean okay is 18 plus. So not not not not not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you you you you you so I mean okay um who's that guy next to him? Welcome back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick um uh well you know and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and and and and and I'm the other host Marc I mean well you know um Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time well well uh uh uh uh uh well host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so so so so so Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you so so um like like like like like guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely so so so so so I mean like like showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first first first first first we first we first we first we first met but it was well well well well well well like I mean there be but it was there. We took the we just say say say say say major so okay like like I mean we had all the same classes together and and and and and decide to sit by each other and this um so well I mean is is is is is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were we were we were we were we were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this and this and this and this and this this this this this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter uh so well um art for for for for for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her so so so so so you know well I mean illustration series follow the trees. This is a a a a a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in uh uh so I mean the the the the the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much you know know know know know uh uh I mean of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree tree tree tree tree planting is so so like you know like much more than the physical act of of of of of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day uh um so you know after after after after after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that like so so so so so you know okay last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light light light light light on the culture like well you know you know that is mostly contained within those those those those those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It uh it uh it it it it it uh it uh it uh okay you know uh is meant to dive deep deep deep deep deep into all things tree planting as a place for I mean well you know well well well well well those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the podcast like okay so like in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products products products products products you should not um you know so um drop ship now when you're doing doing doing doing doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or I mean so you know like like like like like build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different different different different different well so um well levels of where you want to research to make make make make make sure you're choosing the right um well like you know products. Now, the the the the the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What so uh uh uh uh uh well uh type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you you you you you want you know you know I mean like to move to the supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are like okay so uh ones ones ones ones ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this um like like like like like you know like and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So So So So So what I'm going to like okay okay so share with you in this podcast is is is is is what to look for at all three um um okay uh levels to make sure sure sure sure sure you're not wasting your time. If you if you if you if you if if if if if you decide to build one of so like I mean um these stores and actually actually actually actually actually build a real business now before we get into it, I uh okay like like like like like like should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory Fitness is is is is is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you like like uh you know know know know know to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to to to to to produce results like well uh like from the inside out. Our workout is backed by by by by by science and proven to burn um I mean uh okay more calories post-workout Track by technology technology technology technology technology. So you can monitor your results in well you know okay well real time time time time time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you so uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get get get get get more okay uh okay you know life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford and this Seek to help so um well like you with. All right. So, let's kick kick kick kick kick it up you guys I'm here with uh um like so Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages okay um so well to help you fall asleep. You know, I started started started started started this podcast because I've had trouble falling you know well um like asleep and and and and and I found that over the years when I listen to the word um um um um um um um like of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest so so so so so well okay okay And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let Let Let Let Let It uh you know I mean okay Be an inspiration to you To To To To To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this. Hey, okay um so okay you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right right right right right if you text K out um um you know uh there, how dare you I I I I I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on um well I I I I I mean um fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic manic manic manic manic. I was okay you know I mean like like braised. I hate you. Don't leave leave leave leave leave me who came up with this list given on the bird okay okay well well well well well so. I love I love I love I love I love 7-Eleven my childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting um like um well to to to to to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I I I I I okay you know well well hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon soon soon soon soon everybody. Hi and welcome to well so so so my side of crazy. My name name name name name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and I mean uh um well well well well well we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I I I I I was I mean well you know okay supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we so we so we so we so we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is that is is is is is that is that is that is a spicy okay um so like hot take. Oh my my my my my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start well I mean mean mean mean mean like like with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. Everyone I mean so I mean uh to know soups. Given this is is is is is a Ross cast all about the American um you know I mean you know Collegiate raw raw raw raw raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one one one one one um um um like of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That That That That That was that was that was that was that was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your your your your your so uh okay okay boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that that that that that was wearing headphones you know okay I mean well. All right. Yes, so we we we we we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum well like so so. He was he he he he he was he was he was he was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us us us us us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did I did I did I did I did not have sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you I mean well you know you you you you you know ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no no no no no prior like uh like I mean knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply sorry for my irresponsible I mean okay you know okay and selfish behavior. I engaged in in in in in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast okay well you know well we we we we we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we well well well well well well you know I mean have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done done done done done special guests have started 40 I mean well well okay minutes ago, but I came in in in in in with my PR person my lighting crew my director so you know um um my my my my my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but but but but but you know well uh okay to be fair when I was at his podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like three years ago. I so well um uh walked in and he told me on on on on on the spot that it was going to um like you know well be on camera camera camera camera camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have okay like so so so so so I mean to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My My My My My you know you know I mean I mean husband my friend and Kavita our our our our our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 um okay well okay. We are we we we we we are we are we are we are in the really in the the the the the final stretch. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard to believe and and and and and um like so uh it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our our our our our CM our virtual CM like um like you know that is that will take place place place place place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard like um uh so time and and and and and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can like uh uh um um um um um associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If I I I I I mean like uh uh so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 11 11 11 11 essential business so uh so so tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run run run run run their businesses online go to wwwsceetocom so like so so. For / create to access access access access access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's you know like like like like like so so www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the well, the well, the well, the the the the the well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and like okay like so so so so so I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as you you you you you know I mean okay uh unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and and and and and I am affected sometimes so so okay like by other people if there's there's there's there's there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and uh I mean well like like like like like so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're here you know so like I mean with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder I mean okay so like Town USA. Our Our Our Our Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great doing great doing doing doing doing doing great doing great doing great you know okay uh well man. Yeah if you you you you you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for uh so uh I mean mean mean mean mean yeah. I have I have I have I have I have never done done done done done a podcast before. Hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe that's case case case case case scenario, but I uh um um um like you guys so fuck it it it it it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, you know like um you you you you you know don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like like like like like um like like you know real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we we we we we put something out because I um uh uh so know we're just letting him down down down down down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space space space space space well well I mean I mean docks podcast where we cover all things space space space space space in this podcast. We will we will we will we will we will be be be be be uh like well I mean covering all the latest space related news. As well as as as as as talking about interesting Technologies like like okay I mean or discoveries that anyone interested interested interested interested interested in the field may want to know about right from the you know I mean mean mean mean mean you know well Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the the the the the latest news on okay like so I mean Starship to the Artemis program to to to to to take us back to the moon. So if so if so if so if if if if if so if like I mean like I mean you know us you are another parking parking parking parking parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is so you know know know know know um uh happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following the following the following the following the following content contains adult subject matter matter matter matter matter including sensitive material and is intended for uh you know well well adult consumption only only only only only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is so well well uh uh uh uh uh advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to to to to to you know okay uh you know TMZ. All I all I all I all I all all all all all I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in you know know know know know so um okay the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little little little little little bit to like okay well I mean you know, I definitely brought brought brought brought brought it back down a human level. And I started you know um so so talking to to to to to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out so um um um um um okay I mean of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in partnership okay you know uh so with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on today on today on today on today on the show. We explore we explore explore explore explore explore we explore we explore we explore the fork in the road that can you you you you you know so uh uh lead a hero to fighting himself in a story story story story story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the like okay so I mean podcast that that that that that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite so well like uh video video video video video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today and today today today today today and today and today and today we're exploring two well so uh so Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for so uh like like like like like well BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did did did did did you you know like uh like make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here here here here here. I um okay so um hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are are are are are stoked because today is I mean um well um part 2 of the October October October October October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release you know you know like like like like like uh this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There There There There There are there are there are there are there are well well well um some nuggets up up up up up in here. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't wait for you you you you you guys to um you know uh you know hear it. If this if this if this this this this this if this if this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I I I do recommend so I mean so so. Going back and listening to part 1 it's it's it's it's it's not absolutely imperative. But I well well um um do think that all of the information in in in in in part to her story all her tips the uh uh I mean um way way way way way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and okay um I mean mean mean mean mean you know almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is is is is is so uh like um all about her life as a young girl how she was parented parented parented parented parented her family well so so like story Dynamic her as a young woman and and and and and it's fascinating and it makes her you know well uh like marriage and and and and and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing like um um um um um you know you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one one one one side and brush well um you know uh the inside outside and chewing side side side side side of each tube. It's heroines week and I mean you know you know so so so so so every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is is is is is heroines are uh uh so you know a pair of sisters who fought for the the the the the freedom of their country their names well okay uh I mean were Trung truck truck truck truck truck and Trung knee. A long along along along along long time ago the Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung sisters were born well uh okay um in a country in Asia called Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam. Their dad their dad their dad their dad their dad was a powerful man man man man man and uh like okay so have them trained in martial arts back in those days days days days days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British like like well well well well well okay Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's week's week's week's week's Chase Smith um so uh well. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl girl girl girl girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello well you know okay uh. We're joined by special special special special special special guest and he goes by the name of well so well I mean re free free free free free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was okay you know know know know know okay so your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that's all that's that's that's that's that's all that's all that's all that matters. Come on, the so uh you know well love love love love love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, so well you you you you you know um our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires are so so uh okay so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals Capitals Capitals Capitals Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan uh okay uh I mean. Well, technically I understand understand understand understand understand the Caps are still in first place due to the well so so you know know know know know tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker because that would I mean uh like like make the most sense, but of course not not not not not listen, I don't care if technically they're uh well uh so not in first. All All All All All I care about is when you look at the points it I mean like you know know know know know well is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation situation situation situation situation like like you know um we are discussing right now is what makes me so so so so so happy. So the so the so the so the so the Flyers beat beat beat beat beat um um like well the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second second second second second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and the uh uh okay like topic of today's video is going to be be be be be going with the flow and I got an okay like uh like email email email email email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since okay so so so so so you know so late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been been been been been coaching him now. Well you know well so um maybe longer so he sent sent sent sent sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations so you know um well that he's he's he's he's he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at a concert concert concert concert concert I mean well uh like and I guess his group and her group of of of of of friends kind of emerged at uh uh like so some point, and she listened this this this this this. She says that she told him to text so uh um okay her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for um um okay so and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is is is is is not Billy um like uh you know Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here here here here here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening okay okay I mean okay to to to to to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My you you you you you know so um uh forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's What's What's What's What's a what's a what's a what's a what's a draugr my I I mean well well well well well uh well love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We We We We We so well um um can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to to to to to I mean okay okay like talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which which which which which I want to get to I mean well so like First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a a a a a new Puck filled with Quote unquote like like like uh electronics and they're going to to to to to be testing out during the playoffs. This is this is this is this is this this this this this is the first so um okay like time they're going to throw it in used at at at at at least that we know of so so like like you know read a little little little little little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this okay you know like like like like like well before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple couple couple couple couple games during the regular you know like um um season without telling the teams or or or or or players that they were using it. They've given they've given they've given they've given they've they've they've they've they've given okay uh um you know it to a few of the Superstar players players players players players throughout the league the practice with the well you know so okay see if they they they they they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about about about well well um well anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. If you if you if you if you if you haven't um so so so so so like I mean heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and and and and and let me explain it's free so I mean like well. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right like like okay okay from your phone or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you you you you you can I mean uh like okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, and it's everything you need to okay so so well make a podcast in one one one one one place. So download the free anchor app or go you know so I mean mean mean mean mean okay to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another another another another another I mean like like okay episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much much much much much for tuning in as uh okay well well always. It's your host Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited to be here feel feel feel feel feel like I just I mean I mean well well sounded like Heidi like so excited excited excited excited excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind well okay you know well this this this this this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a a a a a podcast, well I mean um like I found anchor to be the easiest way way way way way to create it by using anchor I'm well you know so um able to to to to to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives gives gives gives gives anchor gives you okay uh uh you know everything you need in one place place place place place and you can produce the show right from so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh your phone tablet or computer. They're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy easy easy easy easy they're easy to use creation tools allow anyone well so okay I mean with the the the the the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll I I I I I mean you know you know well even distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can be heard everywhere podcasts can be you know okay I mean um found found found found found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download download download download download the anchor app or go to you know you know so I mean Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um I I I I I mean uh uh. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to put any well okay like like like like like so money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There There There There There so like um uh are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast uh like so well right from your phone or computer. You have to go go go go go out and spend a lot well um um like of money buying software paying for for for for for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for like um so like you. So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best best best best best you know so you know so part you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you so like like okay need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go you know um um um um um well okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with with with with with Marcos Garza okay like well okay and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a a a a a lawyer for a DUI. If you uh so well so need a criminal defense defense defense defense defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose well I mean uh um Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing so so so so so you know uh okay to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes dishes dishes dishes dishes uh you know you know I mean and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts like like um okay today. You You You You You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest I mean so um um um um um I mean month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I I I I I wrote about well okay I mean uh all that Jesus began to do and to teach teach teach teach teach until the day he uh so uh uh was taken up to heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the I mean um uh well apostles apostles apostles apostles apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many so so so so so like so so convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over over over over over a period of 40 um you know so I mean days and and and and and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I well uh you know well wanted to take a brief moment today to let let let let let you know about the easiest well well you know I mean way possible to start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects like like uh uh uh uh uh uh are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well well well as software okay well okay so to record each episode for the longest time. I I I I I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to to to to to host okay like okay so the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different different different different different podcasting platforms while also like so uh well using different software as I tried to record record record record record but not anymore anchor gives me um uh um I mean everything we need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either uh um uh I mean from from from from from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only not only not only not only not not not not not only that anchor actually gives us well like um okay the opportunity to make money with no no no no no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your like okay um so own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go okay well well well well well um uh to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear hear hear hear hear so I mean uh okay from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should should should should should have called before now as so so uh um he's one of the few people I've I've I've I've I've played with whom I looked up to so I mean well you know for for for for for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field field field field field but okay um uh so also off the field as well. So without without without without without further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League uh well okay I mean winner winner winner winner winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed needed needed needed needed I mean okay so um just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how how how how how are you uh okay um um bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going going going going going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old so um um uh same old. I need to to to to to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to uh um um so make a podcast and and and and and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record so so uh uh uh uh uh okay and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute so I mean so okay the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every every every every every platform such as Spotify I mean you know so uh and apple you can even even even even even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in okay like okay like one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to so um so well get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my my friend. Hello um so so well and welcome to the real fun podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again okay you know um okay for for for for for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap soap soap soap soap so you know I mean you know. He is a fantastic soap maker based based based based based in Southern California. The company is so I mean um so Iron Lion soap. You You You You You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap I mean okay um I I I I I mean and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural natural natural natural natural soaps that I okay well you know well am so in love with and and and and and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, like um um um um um um um and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company well I mean mean mean mean mean like like and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to acres acres acres acres acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time I mean I mean you know so so so so so we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and so so so so so uh I mean well we're going to talk to a real live student student student student student graduate of Acres of diamonds well like I mean I mean miss any Coughlin. You You You You You got you got you got you got you got the last call going going going going going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, you no, you no, you no, you no, you know you you you you you know um so I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have have have have have your parents on speed so well so so dog? We talk to them. Well, actually actually actually actually actually my dad's death so we can't call like so uh I mean him. Oh, that's that's that's that's that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay diamonds. If you if you if you if you if you think we can can can can can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them I mean you know okay um. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust me trust me. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm assuming you um uh well um can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, so he may not answer well so okay okay right away, right, but me me me me me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this this this this this okay you know uh well podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These These These are the audio I mean like well I mean versions of our videos videos videos videos videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if if if if if you enjoy this like like well well show, please do consider leaving us us us us us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, I mean so so okay okay okay okay okay you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that so so uh I mean stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word word word word word come and say hi to you know uh you know like me. Let Let Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it I mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using using using using using drugs you know I mean so okay number 10, the strange link between infrasound infrasound infrasound infrasound infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you I mean so well you know know know know know that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought thought thought thought thought they well okay like okay heard a sound when nothing should be there or they they they they they saw an apparition that I mean like like well led them to believe that a a a a a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central like um like like like like like I mean and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors who were okay I mean I mean uh recently honored for earning earning earning earning earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the so um so okay okay okay okay okay end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and um um um um um uh like okay ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today today today today today. We have a couple of um um uh uh those Those students with us Beth Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us so um like okay today guys guys guys guys guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the well like like well well well well well activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys boys boys boys boys so uh um okay lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with with with with with lots well okay so uh of music things pep band marching band jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both so both so both so both so both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back we're we're we're we're we're back we're back we're back we're back with I mean okay I mean so an update update update update update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few like like like like like okay you know okay weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and and and and and up as of right so okay okay you know now. There are about 90 90 90 90 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this so uh I mean um um um um um virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected affected affected affected affected you know so so okay and we're starting to feel it here in the the the the the US. Tonight the governor of Washington so like I mean okay declaring a state of emergency after after after after after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus uh um like okay has has has has has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases cases cases cases cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me you know well I mean um explain it's free. Its creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit um well well well your podcast from your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for um so well so you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh like so um can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so you know I mean mean mean mean mean well make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do do do do do you know like okay uh this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced forced forced forced forced upon stirring us download the free anchor I mean uh like uh app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We I mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean just wanted to let you know for this one one one one one starts. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not a full you you you you you know like you know uh podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes Stokes Stokes Stokes Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and um okay like I mean y'all do a special special special special special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Star Star Star Star Wars session so um uh like with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun fun fun fun fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening I mean okay like so wherever you are are are are are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for for for for for the Star uh I mean so you know Wars stay for the sessions. My name is is is is is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the well so I mean okay Hutt and joining me me me me me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon uh like okay um is is is is is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts cam and like so so so so so so okay I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Eric uh well like well lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states states states states states. We talk about pop culture. We well so like I mean talk about about about about about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider I mean well well well well well um you know to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we we we we we both watch well so okay okay when we were younger and we're basically going going going going going to be talking about how wacky is uh I mean okay you know there's a lot lot lot lot lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that uh I mean I I I I I mean uh we have to get into so there it's going to start. All All All All All right. Yeah. So um so okay well like Kim said Dan Schneider if you you you you you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the well okay like so app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to to to to to use it's free and there's I mean um uh okay creation tools straight in in in in in the app that allow you to edit your podcast okay you know well well well well well well from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple I mean you know uh I mean and many more without having to do anything which which which which which is great and you can make I mean I mean uh um money from the the the the the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You okay um like well well well well well gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's everything you need to you know you know uh uh uh uh uh you know do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on the well like so uh App Store anchored on FM online to get Started Started Started Started Started let's get in the madness I mean like I mean I mean. What's going on? on on on on Everyone? Rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything and YG. You're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 2 of everything like okay I mean uh and YG's Madness. I'm excited to to to to to get into it. The first the first the first the first the first episode episode episode episode episode alone did amazing so uh so well. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in and checking it out and uh you know you know well reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I and I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and so uh uh uh uh uh you know so then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to to to to to do um like okay uh when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two two two two two good friends of okay um I mean okay mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr dr dr dr dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Miss Ashley so you know like uh. Who is who is who is who is is is is is who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of of of of of questions if uh okay okay uh people wanted to ask because obviously the video video video video video that we posted the other day well um like okay people had some some some some some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% um so so so so so uh you know man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of okay okay okay okay okay well okay like anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out out out out out and Keen each other's like you know okay um cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode episode episode episode episode um um I mean you know of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We We We We We want to show you guys the basics like um um I mean of the the the the the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube well so uh uh uh uh uh so. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and and and and and hopefully so you know um um like say in a couple weeks time. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have your very own Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube. Ooh, well I mean um uh I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits grits grits grits grits from Germany. Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and I'm thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful I mean okay okay um file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, what are we here to okay so so so so so like like do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as as as as as this for uh okay well uh this first episode on what the former cube is is is is is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is like like like like like you know you know like right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the the the the the original crew. We have local I mean uh well you know bartender Courtney Nance coming coming coming coming coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just well so um well well well well well yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean to the roots. We're going back to to to to to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys okay like um I mean Are Are Are Are Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say so like like like like like like okay that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you you you you you say that I so um like so wouldn't have chosen to say it it it it it myself but but you're okay with you need like uh well so okay? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always always always always always uh well so I mean support your right to see random things. I support support support support support my right to party and you like so well well always you got to fight fight fight fight fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard well you know uh so always said it it it it it to live lives. I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am I am I am I am I I I I I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal State Long Beach I mean so um like Bree was actually taken the course because because because because because she was preparing to apply to well well okay um occupational therapy school. She She She She She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh um Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for for for for for her so um okay uh undergraduate major and when she was still studying that that that that that she also played basketball NCAA Division like so okay um II at Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not you you you you you know you know uh so only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence. We're going to dive into like okay I mean uh some of the ways ways ways ways ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had okay uh um well well well well well to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some some some some some uh like so okay situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all all all all all church and I'm bringing you human design you know um you know you know and and and and and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a leading human design expert and so okay like I mean energetic alignment business coach. I I I I I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where uh okay well uh it's not not not not not working so that it starts to work for you through human design um you know well well well well well um and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's the he's the he's the he's the the the the the he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and I mean you know okay you you you you you know of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design design design design design like well like like and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Dive In I mean uh okay okay Hey guys, welcome to align by design design design design design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you if you if you if you if you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip um uh uh uh uh uh uh well balms beard care and much much more all of their products products products products products are natural wholesome so like you know you know and prayerfully designed and and and and and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of so I mean so so life life life life life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off off off well I mean you know well your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout checkout checkout checkout checkout. And please check out the link well okay you know like in the show notes. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will you you you you you know you know uh you know help you meditate on the Lord's passion death death death death death and Resurrection. Everything is online you know so so I mean and at at at at at your own pace and you can find the time to listen okay well uh well well well well well to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks total talks total talks total talks talks talks talks talks total talks each talk comes to the video I mean well like um study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old old old so I mean like well came home from a long day at work and kissed kissed kissed kissed kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez you know you know well so over dinner. He He He He He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over well well you know know know know know I mean San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his but his his his his his but his but his but his life wasn't as idyllic as okay so like you know it it it it it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin uh well well well well well um so just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all um um um um um you know like you know wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd ever experienced so you know like you know before he began to hallucinate and and and and and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next the next the next the next the next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of of of of of um so um uh March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the the the the the December quarter, I mean I mean you know um which means it is basically the status status status status status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus you know okay okay uh hit we saw saw saw saw saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means you know uh I I I I I mean I mean that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was was was was was larger than the 04% uh okay um um. That economists were expecting. This does show show show show show that the RBA is reading at well you know I mean okay the the the the the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year uh I I I I I mean uh like was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into into into into into an I mean uh okay I mean S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's this week's this week's this week's this week's episode is all about working working working working working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And I and I and I I I I I and I and I mean I mean uh like we just kind of of of of of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with I mean like um you you you you you know my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a a a a a okay well okay I mean little bit of insight and show you that there there there there there are really great things. There you know so um uh are some really really really really really messy Parts about each roll. So go so go so go so go go go go go so go and do whatever you do well um um well when you listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in like I I I I I mean like um their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey mamas, I'm Sam and you know okay you know you know I'm Taryn and together together together together together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama okay well uh well well well well well pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely completely completely completely completely we're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered um I mean uh okay and unapologetically ourselves as as as as as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a once a once a once a once once once once once a month were well um you know so going to be spotlighting one one one one one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for okay like like like like like you know uh your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community community community community community dry. Shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is our best friend friend friend friend friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take um um um um um okay well so your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's It's It's It's It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to level well I mean well well well well well so up. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's I mean uh I I I I I mean okay episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue doesn't it? I mean I mean uh so Does it I think it's what we've we've we've we've we've been saying for the last few so um like uh weeks. I feel like like like like like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool it's cool to I mean well like I mean see everyone sharing the arm the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page I mean so well like as well well well well well. Absolutely. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about yes branding that positive message message message message message and helping everyone feel good. And I mean uh like like we're here here here here here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I you you you you you know uh okay you know know you are too. SLI everyday your training working working working working working hard and all of like you know you know I mean that. I I I I I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for for for for for the ride as well so uh well well. Fantastic. You're always you're always you're you're you're you're you're always you're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying okay okay okay okay okay um well like to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more more more more more present like uh I mean I mean is it that you want to be more more more more more intentional is it that you want to feel more like you know I mean I I I I I mean of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it okay well well well well well um like that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep better? you know you know you know you know you know so so so so so so so You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving um so so so so so um like and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty of uh so uh okay meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers Emily a body here I mean like I mean I I I I I mean bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I I I I I sit down with inspiring so like I mean I mean individuals to talk about everything from from from from from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at welcome at welcome at welcome at welcome at at at at at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid well you know you know you know of of of of of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by by by by by um okay you know so many of you and we're going to title title title title title it books. I recommend or top reads for well well like um 2020 something like that that that that that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what okay so um okay okay okay okay okay books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well so so so so so like okay well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with with with with with you at least the like so um uh ones that have had the biggest impact on on on on on me or the ones that are uh like um like In the Forefront of my my my my my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and you know well uh uh uh uh uh um listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a a a a a pretty good so uh you know so list and I did a version version version version version of this a long time ago, which I mean you know like uh is is is is is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as as as as as well you know like you know well here probably in the next two weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks or so. I just have a lot well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get get get get get like like um uh to this but if you hear me say something and and and and and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact fact fact fact fact okay like well like that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard hard hard hard hard to learn I mean well so well it and actually really fell in love with with with with with it. A lot of them are just I mean well uh I mean really fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to to to to to be okay like like so doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were were were were were once in well okay well you know the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody um okay I mean you know Sean Nielsen to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and okay okay so um he runs runs runs runs runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube so okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of of of of of picks in sight. So let's I mean you know like I mean get started. Hello everyone and and and and and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated I mean uh like uh to the amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting well you know know know know know so so and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases releases releases releases releases and feature films Millions uh okay okay so have tried to stitch together the the the the the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes well so uh like on The Disappearance of of of of of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the like like um um um um um like complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories well well well well well um you know well free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in like so well um the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in in in in in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now I mean okay like uh ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on um um um um um okay so um AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're we're we're we're we're here to like uh like uh talk about this episode. We love we love love love love love our audience and we will give you you know uh um I mean our opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly at at at at at this is yall's first like like I mean so time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after after after after after show here on AfterBuzz I mean like so um. AfterBuzz is an actress no network network network network network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this and this and this and this this this this this and this is um like you know okay of course your Bachelor crew led led led led led by me or moderated by me. I should okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay say said yeah. I am I am I am I am I am so stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself so I mean uh um um um um um. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a um um um um um well I mean uh host here at the network. So excited to be here, but but but but but me Christine be next okay well so um. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything everything everything everything everything like you know okay um in between because they would have called your your your your your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't like you know I mean uh also also also also also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts like you you you you you know so you know and this is probably why girls don't go go go go go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, uh well I mean um you you you you you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to uh you you you you you know well so bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk well well well well well like so you know now. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are are are are are well um like so hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling. We're here. We're you know so I mean uh going to go through it it it it it. You know you know you know you know you know what it is. You You You You You know how we do so well so I mean first. I want to introduce. My panel panel panel panel panel I am over here by myself on the um well uh um team married side, but to to to to to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may you you you you you know like like I mean have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization hybridization hybridization hybridization hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a so I mean um like Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Derby hid alien um like uh like. Welcome to aliens like us with me me me me me of course button below the other like like uh so alien and Ethan Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show okay well I mean like like like like like this time. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you uh so okay okay okay okay okay I mean guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah familiar with it like I I I I I mean uh I mean huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early like so so so so so like I mean for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you you you you you here they start so okay like like to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me I mean you know like I mean have have have have have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises I mean uh uh uh uh uh um um in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along well okay okay okay okay okay you know well the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up up up up up with the stupidest okay uh okay uh jokes when we feel like they're they're bad bad bad bad bad. They're not good. Like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're not not not not not um I mean uh um funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast um um um um um okay so okay that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers choreographers choreographers choreographers choreographers costume and set um okay uh so designers the people who run beloved venues and and and and and festivals. And of course speaking with um well I mean okay musicians about about about about about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain so so so so so I mean well so at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen to. Fight class like I mean I mean you know consequence podcast Network welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series like like you know know know know know well presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the um um um um um like like well very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was was was was was recorded live on like I mean like um November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal Episcopal Episcopal Episcopal Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going you're going you're going you're going you're you're you're you're you're going to hear um you know okay uh a very condensed version of that show show show show show with live Q&A from the audience as well um so well um as questions submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with you know know know know know you know well uh somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very very very very very big very bhumi tall I mean okay I mean like ceiling. So the so the so so so so so the so the so the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's um so um um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools so well well you know that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or like well so so computer anchor distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from from from from from your I mean so you know um podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in well um okay um one place place place place place. Download the download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go go go go go to Anchor dot f so uh um well m-- to get started. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so well um so so so so so for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl. We well we well we well we well we well I mean okay okay felt felt felt felt felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know do a little bit of this that and everything else else else else else. So we so we so we so we so we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow follow your um so uh you know favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode like this one or if you become a um I mean so well well well well well premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like like like like like I so okay okay so do when you're on a plane or wherever you're you're you're you're you're traveling and also you can share uh uh you know you know this with with with with with your friends on Instagram. If you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download uh um so well the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control so so so so so control so control so control so control so I mean like okay control is the the the the the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode uh well well well well well um so you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on on on on on a few a so okay okay like few sites, but it's the first full one one one one one so welcome and I have a so well well you know mic this time. It It It It It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know like um I I I I I mean uh across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing doing doing doing doing that. It just you know you know um like was a bad Mike. No, No, No, No, No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway I mean um so so so so so so around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're ready uh um okay like to introduce ourselves. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you well well well well well well so I mean. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Driven Driven Driven Driven Life. Sharing the like okay I mean uh benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and and and and and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope uh okay okay like There are are are are are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose I mean like like like like like okay like gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes ashes ashes ashes ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie I mean you know okay uh and and and and and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you you you you you well um well I mean with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going going going going going to be reading um I mean okay well a poem by one of the Lisa and and and and and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we so okay well okay thought the the the the the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you you you you you to wake by okay okay so uh Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake wake wake wake wake would that I might well um so so dream of you and not not not not not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The uh um okay like dear companion gone gone gone gone gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you okay uh uh uh uh uh well you know full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian I'm Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I mean like you know you know and we the the the the the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no well I I I I I mean like so premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the the the the the biggest like well like so thing that I think this is founded on on on on on we found there's just such a so I mean I mean well lack of podcast with two two two two two white guys in their late 20s or sister this uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring ring ring ring ring and give it so I mean so um a shot and maybe be groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking and yes card. So I so I so I so I so I don't don't don't don't don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter winter winter winter winter and like you know uh I mean my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode episode episode episode episode. We're going to explore topics that are so uh you know I mean too too too too too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each like okay okay okay okay okay well I mean topic. We encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage you you you you you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so I mean well um uh each new new new new new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll you know know know know know um well you know be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea idea idea idea idea for the podcast came from uh like uh okay and some of our topics moving moving moving moving moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what uh I mean well okay would you do if if if if if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going like well uh you know to to to to to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay hopefully something memorable at the same time. You You You You You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before and before and before and before before before before before and before we get into another episode of poke dad's there okay I I I I I mean like um was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for for for for for podcasting uh like well so. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy easy easy easy easy to use and well so um well I just love it. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record well like like okay and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or a computer. So if so if so if so if so so so so so if there like um okay okay was something in my mind that I'm out I I I I I can easily pull out my phone you know so um um go into the episode. I I I I I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool cool cool cool cool well well okay okay is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes Spotify you name um um so like it and it's great download anchor now get it it it it it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have you you you you you know well you know so for you. Do you do you do you do you you you you you do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like um well well well well well uh I mean delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of of of of of random shit. Then you need to go to like um I mean I mean Yummy texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom. Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, you know know know know know like well you know but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic candies like so so like and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place place place place place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low you know so you know um prices is is is is is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down well well well well well um I mean like the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles and how most like so I mean so of you need to break out of of of of of the mold. So make so make so make so make so make sure okay so so so so so um uh to hit them up and leave a review to let us know know know know know what you thought uh you know well you know and I hope you enjoy. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back with another another another another another episode of med school radio and we're looking so I mean uh okay at some some some some some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with uh well you know you you you you you know fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by by by by by an so you know uh well increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that well I mean well you you you you you know is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads leads leads leads leads to well so you know I mean hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1. So remember so remember so remember so remember so remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually actually actually actually want I mean you know like I mean you to tweet me your feedback on on on on on how you like weekly V and podcast so so well so form. So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well um um okay with the W in there as well so I I I I I can see your feedback um I mean like um on weekly B7. Please hit me up up up up up with some feedback on Twitter on how I mean um uh um you like like like like like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the the the the the garyvee audio experience. What up so so uh like Podcast today's episode is from a a a a a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks um okay so well about about about about about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes and so well okay you know sizes. So make so make so make so make make make make make so make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with with with with with a um okay uh well review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working working working working working on is about his okay I mean okay um son in the industry and sort sort sort sort sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a a a a a Christian uh okay uh so believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white white white white white. We as so so so um people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with with with with with the gray in church gray areas well okay well well often cause dissension dissension dissension dissension dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open okay um I I I I I mean well dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray gray gray gray gray is meant like you know you know uh to teach and form and simply trade trade trade trade trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect um okay well well. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you have a story or perspective to share please please please please please reach me Brenda Marie Davies um well well so at God has gray XO XO XO XO XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a you know like like like like like um so part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got got got got got I got I got I got I got a you know well uh well fat fat fat fat fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right right right right right like you know you know so. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took took took took took we were just really busy like I mean like okay with midterms papers. We went went went went went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not so like you know know know know know um a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments comments participants uh well you know um kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority podcast me. But I um I mean um okay guess that's cool Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences um okay okay okay okay okay um well guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity case on so like I mean um page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast like okay um so. Do not not not not not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of you know um well I mean this podcast listeners discretion is advised you you you you you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy okay uh so like. Otto have but but but but but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but so like so so so so so uh sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he oh, he he he he he oh, he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve deserve deserve deserve deserve okay like um okay all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about you know okay I mean um anchor is the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's so like like you know free free free free free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to I I I I I mean um well I mean pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's He's He's He's He's awesome, too. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that uh uh uh uh uh I mean so like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your Phone or computer super simple like uh okay like super easy. You You You You You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone um um um um um um I mean well with the headset. It's free it's free it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will will will will will carry um so I mean so you where you will meet. Today's European jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in I mean so well like each one of us us us us us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more you know well I I I I I mean I mean than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn learn learn learn learn and experiment my so so I mean okay passion for the voice and jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz on stage since then. I tried I tried I tried I tried I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever you know like like like like like so like platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right right right right right. So today I'm going like well you know like to be talking about my predictions predictions predictions predictions predictions for the and we'll be considering uh uh um okay opening day happens this this this this this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right like like like like like well okay like now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series Series Series Series Series and it's well um so well possible that the Red Sox did as as as as as well. And I just I don't really know I mean I mean well I mean what what what what what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for so like you know know know know know well next year. So To put it lightly. I think I think I think think think think think I think I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down I mean like I mean you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past 31 years in this episode were journeying well uh like so back to 1994 and and and and and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the uh I I I I I mean uh okay World Cup. It was it was it was it was it was a slip slip slip slip slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia like so well you know know know know know the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history so so so so so um you know I mean tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or like uh so you know wherever you get your your your your your podcast. June 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes into Columbia second match I mean um well you know in the the the the the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are doing that uh okay I mean so podcast thing now now now now now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean like podcasts. There are there are there are there are there are various tiers with with with with with different types of goodies available. Do you I mean I mean um like like like like like want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be be be be be uh uh like I mean a part of a Nori book club get special access to to to to to Nori events so uh like so. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori podcast for what we're offering and in uh so okay so that Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, like okay okay okay okay okay uh you know we like to do this list of goodies is subject to to to to to change and we'd very you know well well okay much like your feedback. Is there there there there there something that you'd really like to see but it okay um well so isn't listed listed listed listed listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what you know well well well well well okay so we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom uh you know like so. Or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, which you can find at like so so I mean nor e.com subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while while while while uh so like um since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today today today today today we're going to have well like so you know a discussion about the ethics ethics ethics ethics ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for okay so I mean mean mean mean mean okay the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly like like like like like so I mean you know marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the conversation and now like okay I mean uh onto the episode. Hot cake cake cake cake cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave okay uh uh uh uh uh so um fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL the NFL the NFL the NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning morning morning morning morning I mean like you know uh. So at this point we've at least had a a a a a couple days to digest some of well well like I mean the performances from the the the the the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about today I mean um okay okay okay okay okay I mean the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I and I I I I I and I and I and I know I said okay well so like this this this this this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out out out out out uh I mean okay uh about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly Incredibly Incredibly Incredibly Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most like so uh you know of the 40-yard dash times. It's It's It's It's It's just an example, but they're / like fractions of I mean um uh well a a a a a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player okay okay okay okay okay well like you know but we did learn some things some players had much better better better better better showing than um like like you know others. So I so I so I I I I I so I so I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the in the in the in the in the year leading up to the 2020 election election election election election. We're counting down the so so um well biggest scandals in American political political political political political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former uh I mean I I I I I mean well Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign fund and Congressional um uh okay um staff for personal use 56 year old old old old old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting so I mean you know know know know know I mean ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the the the the the past few you know I mean so well years on the hill had been tough tough tough tough tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been uh okay okay I I I I I mean poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter matter matter matter matter Hubbard thought I mean you know uh you know he'd outrun his cooked books with with with with with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for like so I mean uh a a a a a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I um um um um um okay okay you know talked a lot about getting out of your your your your your mind getting out of the head and I mean uh you know well why that's that's that's that's that's important. And that's and that's and that's and that's and that's what today's today's today's today's today's episode is all about me and be I mean like um I mean at had an an an an an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on you know so so so so so well so what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in in in in in with source and well you know um well spirit and so it was was was was was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some quite some quite some quite some some some some some quite some time so uh uh well ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't I I I I I haven't I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like so so so so so so well well. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know like so so well exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just just just just just so just so just so just so just um I mean so um be be be be be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed so so so so so uh um you know and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where um um um um um okay uh okay we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light light light light light through up something okay uh so okay delicious and sit with us for for for for for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The well um you know well Magic on the the the the the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted I mean um um um um um uh okay where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more more more more more joy in tuition so like well um and everyday magic in their lives. And today today today today today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we so we so we so we so we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about so okay okay okay okay okay you know okay the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of of of of the you know I mean like like most notorious subjects every week in addition to to to to to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring I mean well okay like the most fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected we've collected short clips okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean I mean from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Ideas, like uh like you know okay motivation method and Madness and show how how how how how interconnected the True Crime world really is you you know so so okay can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts like well um so a list of episodes that we used will be be be be be posted in the description like so okay I mean today. We're discussing cases cases cases cases cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys boys boys boys boys from so like well uh the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips flips flips flips flips. How are we we're doing good Andy um so uh okay hot Hoagie. We got got got got got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson okay you know you you you you you know so the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best best best best best uh I mean well like part about this? Whole thing is you you you you you won't believe what this man's actual name is um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a uh I I I I I mean well um block away for over four years going it to the University of of of of of st well um um um. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices in well okay okay well the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and and and and holding fast to the okay I mean so so Traditions passed down down down down down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There well um um um um um I mean I mean are a lot of ways to get involved and and and and and an easy one uh so like um is to start a podcast anchor dot f f f f f m is a great podcast hosting okay so so okay platform. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a you know so okay um podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian tools that allow you to record I mean um I mean I mean and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your I mean mean mean mean mean uh so um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more I mean so I mean uh you can actually make some some some some some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so like like uh. It's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location location location location location. So if so if so if so if so if okay uh okay like you're you're you're you're you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean okay you know know know know know well dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm uh I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh well so um Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah and we got a lot to talk about this um okay um you know week starting starting starting starting starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have I have I have I have have have have have I have no over the past week uh like so um. We got the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean. Yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir MVP race and then then then then then be a and finally talk on it. We're going you know um well so to touch touch touch touch touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them um you know know know know know okay well. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre Tre Tre Tre Tre was good. Visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful um um uh uh uh uh uh well day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but but but but but so like you know you know it's great pests who week of sports the the the the the past week as far as I mean like like like been amazing. We got got got got got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer and answer and answer and answer and answer questions 1 to to to to to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire you know um well um about about about about about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let let let let let um like okay okay me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's There's There's There's There's our there's our there's our there's our there's our um I mean you you you you you know um main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the the the the the Charlton room. Sorry the child you know you know well you know sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, so so so so so well, so well, so well, so well, so well so um we are organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at okay um um um um um you know well least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the the the the the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show this show this show this this this this this show this show is not suitable like you know so you know for work because because because because because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a okay um um um um um uh like podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib nib nib nib nib episode well well you know well 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have have have have have not seen you in literal like a month ago like you know um um about a a a a a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We so um um um um um uh so usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our our our our our episodes. So this will I mean you know I mean okay come out actually actually actually actually actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in I mean okay okay okay okay okay so I mean the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave leave leave leave leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh like you know I mean well gross. Well, what what what what what well, what well, what well, what well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy um um so like it. We're again recording recording recording recording recording at a normal time. Noon. What are what are what are what are what are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what what what what what well I mean okay okay it means to be a mother and a a a a a sexual being welcome back to the mangas uh um like I mean and podcast this week week week week week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors um well you know you you you you you know of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation filled um you know you know okay with so much wisdom and insights insights insights insights insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use I mean you know you know um um um um um our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and um um um um um you know I mean I mean essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for for for for for women who work uh you know uh I mean at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And And And And And I am here to tell you about I mean so um uh the amazing app. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the so uh you know you know know know know know app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from a so like uh so friend of mine who actually does it as well well well well well because I thought at first like uh so like oh my gosh, I want want want want want to do a podcast. But how but how but how but how but how am I I I I I uh okay like you know going to do it? I have no equipment. I have have have have have no money and I want to okay like uh uh ensure that all our voices voices voices voices voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do I mean you know know know know know so like we do that on a platform without spending a lot of of of of of ton of money, especially well like I mean like when you don't know what to do do do do do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely like well like well free. There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um um like I I I I I mean bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so we uh like uh I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more and you can well well you know okay make money with your your your your your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no uh um like like like like like uh minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now now now now now to just like I mean well so do it. It's everything you need to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England England I mean um so well. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming wargaming wargaming wargaming wargaming in the Mortal Realms so like I mean I mean grab your D6 and and and and and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and welcome to I mean okay um you know Priority roll. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only so so so so so um well well Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fantastic. Thank um you know well so you. It's really. Weird listen to you you you you you at normal speed because when I listen um so like well to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so you know so so so so so you know you know slowly? Maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I I I I I maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, uh uh uh uh uh like like like my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to to to to to listen to me, you know, get um you know I mean so get the the the the the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me me me me me in uh so well well right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no no no need okay uh uh you know to worry or I don't need to worry that there's there's there's there's there's damage. And anyway, this I mean okay I mean um is just what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement I mean um um um um um you know well really seems to make all the difference which I think is so so so so so cool. Hello, everybody so well I mean like today. We are joined by Jenna and she's she's she's she's she's one of my clients and she's like okay uh I mean actually turned into a quite quite quite quite quite a dear friend of mine during our time together okay well like you know. And And And And And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that well well well well well you know um um led up to her and I working together where she's at at at at at. Now what now what now what now what now what she likes um I mean mean mean mean mean well you know about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're you you you you you know um like okay just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot lot lot lot lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's so like so okay usually a bunch of like slow slow slow slow slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics well okay um okay okay okay okay okay and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait wait wait wait wait either well you know uh you know. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to to to to to see a little bit a little my hole like well uh like with a little little little little little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that I I I I I mean okay uh uh a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them I I I I I mean I mean I mean well and I'm Johan and this week. We've got got got got got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you know know know know know uh like you know so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason reason reason reason reason that's happened well well um uh in the news and I think the bigger story which which which which which we thought was kind of entertaining like okay okay uh was Donald Trump and Modi had had had had had a little chat together. So Trump went so like um so to India. Oh, yes yes yes yes yes Trump went to India and then when he was so like so so there, there, there, there, there, I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump um you know okay um all the time and we've tried to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid it because they like to be boring so okay like um right now. I I I I I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this um um um um um so um so is hilarious. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names so well I I I I I mean um and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I I I I I so you know you know well mean like he tried his hardest to get there like like like like like to talk about them, which um I mean you know so is good. I mean I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person person person person person to talk about Cricket? well well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so I I I I I mean so well okay much for checking out our podcast really hope that that that that that today's teaching in carriages. You well you well you well you well you well okay okay okay okay okay so uh inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's let's let's let's let's go well um um okay check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that that that that that would really Define who we are well you know like uh as a church church church church church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity so I mean I I I I I mean you know to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe believe believe believe believe in deeper Taco something like um well you know in uncertain. May God may God may may may may may God may God may God go in and bring it on. I believe we are are are are are so okay so okay going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the the the the the Holy Spirit to be like so well um in our midst who can can can can can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes you know uh I mean I mean discussions of murder and assault that some some some some some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme like um like well Caution for for for for for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 1968 1968 1968 1968 you know like you know okay in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of of of of of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty uh uh okay okay 19 year old woman made her her her her her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the okay so okay um heavy carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota well I I I I I mean I mean okay looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She She She She She found she found she found she found she found endless days of uh like like like like like um okay gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today today. I'm so like like you know talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a a a a a junior at Cupertino High School and um um well um a national euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected well I mean okay okay okay okay okay like as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State All-State All-State All-State All-State honor band so well uh um in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate honor bound and ranked as one um you know so um of of the top high high high high high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound bound bound bound bound in the nation I mean I mean well well this past summer Natalie's placed second second second second second in the student division of the international euphonium like um well uh and tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth youth youth youth youth well well you know well he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only well well well well well like uh I mean the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect that's that's that's that's that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading on your well um like well well well well well morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject subject subject subject subject for um um so uh debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 uh so you know like Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to to to to to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I like well uh okay am joined joined joined joined joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor so I I I I I mean I mean I mean. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's what's what's what's what's up? Okay Southwest this episode you know so like you know of the hottest take take take take take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline you know okay you know know know know know um of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know know know know know. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, right. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like you you you you you know uh well okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app app app or go to so so uh you know Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It It It It It has made it. So easy guys, you know um okay so I did not not not not not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had um well I mean so so so so so only known it like five ten years before early because all I need um I I I I I mean I mean so to do is download the anchor. I have have have have have I have I have I have I have record my voice in it and and and and and just you know I mean so you know click post and anchor will do do do do do all the job for me. It will it will it will it will it it it it it will publish so so so like it in all the major podcast sides. You know know know know know apps that are available and I do I mean so so I mean not need to to to to to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need so I I I I I mean you know I mean to make use of it. If you if you you you you you if you if you if you have a message if you have well you know know know know know you know so some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out out out out out to the world or well you know okay well simply want to post something make make make make make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone uh uh like like welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this so this so this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to you you you you you know okay well um the one Bitcoin show. Today is today is today today today today today is today is today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin well well well well well uh like so is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk well so so so so so okay okay about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider Insider Insider Insider Insider information okay um well so. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello my Elite friends. How you how you how you how you how you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you you okay well so uh a little bit today about some happen to me the other other other other other day and they've uh well well uh asked me if I tell you you you you you about it just because it kind so um um you know of changed my my my my my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed it changed it changed it it it it it changed it changed his life changed uh like okay uh my aunts life changed everybody's life life life life life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter I mean you know okay um um um um um shop. But today but today but today but today but today I walked in there and I I I I I was trying to steal couple parts okay I mean uh well because my Ford ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh well doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got got got got got something I so I mean uh you know need to tell you want to to to to to take a seat right there. Tie a tie a tie a tie a tie tie tie tie tie a uh uh like I mean seat right there. He said I want want want want want to tell you about something that I found well so okay so out they if you you you you you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You um you know okay okay okay okay okay uh did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make you you you you you know um uh I mean podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This you you you you you know like well uh is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've I mean um uh I mean got a couple of of of of of a couple cool things to talk about including a okay you know like like like like like like an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles well well well well well you know uh I mean and see what's going on over in the Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines. I'm not much is going on still I mean uh um um saying The coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking like well so so so so so you know do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this this this this this is an you know I mean you know you know interesting one and something something something something something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for well well well well well so so uh season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in in in in in the business you know you know okay you know of getting Star Wars scoops of of of of of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears disappears disappears disappears disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs so okay well okay 13 11. I I I I I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to um well um um um um um you know visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending spending spending spending spending habits the author uh okay uh you know of the article shared that through through through through through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks well you know I I I I I mean I mean of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give give give give give up things. She okay like um uh really loved to save money that realization realization realization realization realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and well well uh you know know know know know helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about about about about about I mean okay okay like an hour they discussed her background shared screens to to to to to look at a monthly credit okay well um I mean card statement and addressed goals for for for for for the week. The financial the financial the financial the financial the financial accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability was intended to um you know like uh help her prepare and save for for for for for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full well you you you you you know um you know of wise advice on how to handle and how to to to to to view Money In fact you know um um you know money is mentioned hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard uh uh uh uh uh so so uh today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career career paths well I mean I mean well creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is is is is is a podcast about taking The Road you know like I mean well Less Less Less Less Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops so I mean mean mean mean mean um you know. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your your your your your host. Host Athena Calderone I mean I mean uh okay author interior designer cook cook cook cook cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer uh so so so so so uh you know. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? do do do do Well it you know so like okay is and that's exactly why we're here every every every every every week. I'm going to be sitting down well uh uh like with another multi - it it it it it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a a a a a lot uh you know okay okay beaches? You can't hope to control we we we we we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay. You have you have you have you have you have made me very desperate. You You You You You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language language language language language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney I mean like like like like like okay I mean personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's that's that's cool Gary um well uh uh research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came came came came came a personal experiences well okay so you know guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case so okay um um at page Carnegie such. He He He He He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the like um um I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer well well well well well well so so and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell cell cell cell cell kumarangiri or Machinery, like okay uh like okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let I mean okay I mean uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and so I mean I mean I mean edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast uh so um um um um um you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you I mean you know like well can make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is is is is is everything you need to you know uh I mean uh make podcasts in one one one one one place download the free ankle up or good so okay you know so Echo the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth like I I I I I mean okay I mean talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but but but but but not just money wealth um like um you know means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is like well um you know know know know know not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about it's it's it's it's it's about it's about it's about it's about establishing so you know I mean um Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the ostrich a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the like okay um I mean word of of of of of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be um um um um um uh uh you know priced. This is this is this is this is this is episode episode episode episode episode number 12 to this word will be read so I mean well so so so so so from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So So So So So have I Loved like um well you know You Now remain in my love love love love love. If you if you if you if you if you keep my commands, you will will will will will remain I mean um um okay in my love just as I have have have have have kept my father's commands and remain in his like um uh you know love I I I I I have told you this so that my joy may be in you like well so okay okay okay okay okay and that your joy may be complete. My command my command my command command command command command my command my command is this love each other as like well well you know I I I I I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down so so so so so so like I mean one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I I I I I want I want I want I want to well like well um thank you for your your your your your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy like I mean like like like like like uh this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to make podcast. It's totally well you know okay um free that's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know you know you know know know know know so from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you uh I mean so uh can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google Google Google Google podcast and many more you can okay uh well you know also make money from your your your your your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download like I I I I I mean I mean you know the free. God will go to Anchor FM to to to to to get started. Hey, what's up uh uh you know well guys today? We have what what what what what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one one one one one uh uh so like that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually individually individually individually individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half half half half half Molly's I mean um you know um. I am use of Muhammad formerly known known known known known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just just just just just I'm just so uh okay um playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? saying saying saying saying My name is Holly. I'm well uh you know um with formerly known as as as as as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is okay okay um um um um um well go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on on on on on like you know okay um YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There There There There There is not any more. This is just for okay I mean well so your listening listening listening listening listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not not not not not so um I mean I mean so easy to watch the video version. This is is is is is why this audio version exists. If uh uh well okay you like us doing this, this, this, this, this, please do leave us a review wherever your well okay well uh podcasts we we we we we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's so today's so so so so so today's so today's so today's highly recognizable well um so so protagonist was hailed as as as as as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology I I I I I mean so you know well and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's today's today's today's today's popular culture and Collective so um so you know imagination. It cannot be understated understated understated understated understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you like you know know know know know okay you know can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his his his his his work Walt Disney once um well I mean so famously said that laughter laughter laughter laughter laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually so like well well well well well um travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last last last last last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay you know you know you know know know know know um emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading you know know know know know like I mean okay shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the the the the the second was handled Tastefully well like you know well but both fans of the show show show show show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on um okay well uh Reddit passionate Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have so like like like like like I mean well its cake and eat it too with one trending post led led led led led by user and ingenious um um like like username saying how the producers run run run run run the show creates a Asik environment for um you know um so bullying and the the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The okay well well well well well uh um Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role role role role role in facilitating toxic I mean you know like you know environments. The show is is is is is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a I mean you know know know know know um like villain. You can't you can't you can't you can't you can't guarantee an an an an an engagement or a happily ever after but every like I mean okay um single single single single single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past like like like like like well I mean well infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here here here here here at College I mean well uh uh Christian church for the college age. And today today today today today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in you know um you know like our our our our our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? Girl Girl Girl Girl I'm well well uh you know doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have have have have have you here. Taylor is going to walk uh uh you know okay us through through through through through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness started with you? It started in you know so I mean well high school. I I I I I could I could I could I could I could see it sprouting, but I I I I I had a good Community there, but it um you know well you know really started to to to to to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what so you know okay okay okay okay okay like ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I I I I I okay I mean I mean I mean came to Missouri Southern I go go go go go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two um um um um um um um okay people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of a SMR SMR SMR SMR SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest uh um well okay way to make make make make make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to well well okay okay okay okay okay you know provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has it has has has has has it has it has it has creation tools that well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone phone phone phone phone computer. You may okay I mean I mean okay remember Episodes of my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made okay you know uh you you you you you know it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my you you you you you know uh um well phone. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You you know so so so so so so you know can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at at at at at okay so like well the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to to to to to try and provide an well okay um you know exegesis of the literal literal literal literal literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew so so you know know know know know like chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said said said said said jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean so it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy. But I say this I mean so you know um to you love your your your your your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this okay uh okay well way way way way way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his his his his his sun to well like so um rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need I need I need I need I need to tell tell tell tell tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m okay okay so okay. Anchor is a a a a a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the the the the the major um um so well channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of of of of of charge you can make like uh so I mean money with no minimum listenership and and and and and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor I mean um like um app or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling darling darling darling darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we today we today we today we today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in in in in in Freddy with um okay so um poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking talking talking talking talking to Jane Louis co-founder so so uh well of two birds the first woman woman woman woman woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt so I mean um um um um um okay gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song song song song song by brooke-taylor uh um well like to be performing this Sunday the 8th of of of of of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls so uh like uh at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate International women's day will also have five beers you know uh uh uh on tap from from from from from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and okay okay okay okay okay like um um have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two two two two two episodes you know well so um on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion passion passion passion passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend uh well um like Conrad Roy from committing suicide on on on on on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then I mean uh well okay encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did did did did did well okay you know okay the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear hear hear hear hear more about So it's like so so well well this follow Crimes of Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due uh I mean well you you you you you know to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes you know well you know I mean discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some some some some some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one one word. Anchor I mean um um like anchor is the easiest way for you you you you you to start and make a podcast. I'll um I'll um I'll um I'll um I'll um um um um um I mean like uh explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available available available available available to you that allow you you know well well well to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you um um um um um I mean um I mean finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your your your your your podcast too many different I mean I mean uh you know platforms, including Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's it's it's it's it's that easy now not only is Anchor I mean you know so you know easy to to to to to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay money talking about the things that you love with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. I like uh um um know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good good good good good to be true. How so you know well I mean much is it cost me me me me me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? so um okay I mean It It It It It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean so Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was was was was was I'm here like like you know so. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas pas pas pas pas. But what but what but what but what but what about all the people who who who who who aren't so I mean so so listening in the morning? Good night for for for for for another episode of the my coolant shitty so like so okay show of that that that that that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that um like well you know you you you you you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming okay you know know know know know well uh back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad glad glad glad glad you're nice to um like you know um meet you how it look like you you you you you hit play Hey for all of so um like so you that haven't done done done done done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us I mean like like like like like uh you know five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're you're you're you're you're listening this uh um I mean you know morning, you can follow us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a Facebook group for I I I I I mean uh uh like you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a um um um um um like uh well 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred eighty thousand titles you know uh you know so to choose from for your your your your your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into I mean so so so so so uh uh today's episode. I just I just I just I just I just want want want want want to take a minute to talk to you about okay well like I mean making making making making making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of okay you know know know know know so okay Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing interactive you know well uh you know web app that enables children ages 13 and and and and and up and adults with special okay so okay like needs to make friends based on on on on on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and okay okay uh um caregivers can also also also also also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more for more for more for more for more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out out out out out our podcast um I mean I mean like host many of you might already know know know know know that we record each episode using anchor, but you know you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's It's It's It's It's the easiest okay um okay um most efficient way to record a podcast you can can can can can make money from the podcast with you know uh like you know no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that uh uh so like allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes well okay okay like your podcast for you. That you can listen listen listen listen listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other I mean okay I mean I mean platforms and and and and and the best part is it's free. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make uh I mean you know so a podcast in in in in in one place. So get so get so get so get so get on it it it it it and go download the free anchor app well okay um um or go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the the the the the True you know I mean you know uh Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness nor you know like so I mean Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th. And thank God. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know about about about about about I mean um okay um you guys. But those but those but those those those those those but those but those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and and and and and so so you know like pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me me me me me something to work with like so well well and we certainly have something to work with with with with with feel like we're answering August questions in so you know so um February. I know I I I I I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and so I mean I I I I I mean so That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our our our our our belt we like you know like like can talk about that will talk talk talk talk talk extensively about that. I want to start with the like you know uh well in in in in in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday I mean well well well well well um okay of the guys that stood out to you and I put out out out out out a list this uh you know you know like morning of the five that the five five five five five that thrived I thought yesterday and I so okay I mean you know we we we we we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but so so so so so well I mean so Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this this this this I mean I mean well uh podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the the the the the reality of being restored to life uh um well um again through stories testimonies and casual casual casual casual casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of okay uh um um the time messy messy messy messy messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey hey hey hey hey everybody hey everybody today so uh like I mean. I have my good friend will with with with with with me on the show. What up, well so uh I mean he is is is is is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me okay um so okay okay okay okay okay. That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the the the the the like I mean uh well Christian world and what that looks like is that good good good good good sounds fantastic. I so you know well well um just tell me a little bit bit bit bit bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection okay well like like of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova then then then then then Tova then Tova then Tova then Tova breakfast is also sponsored uh um like okay okay okay okay okay anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will I mean mean mean mean mean okay um like be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as as as as as all the singles you know you know um okay of marriageable age. And as as as as as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so well um um um um um um okay in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but but but but but the well well you know you know key a cold brew is dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella so okay okay okay empanadas and and and and and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't so uh so so so so so um have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I Robert I Robert I Robert I I I I I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating uh you know well well well well well uh they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking asking asking asking asking you know uh you know so this is a clinic. This is Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome like so I mean so to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name my my my my my name my name my name my name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like not joined by anybody today as has become custom custom custom custom custom just because of scheduling things well I mean uh you know. Like I've said today today today today today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course I mean so so so so so well so of the week to come up with things that I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk about. And you know, uh okay well I mean I woke up this this this this this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your um um um um um like I mean so hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going I'm going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you guys okay like okay um um um um um about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a a a a a case suggestion by um like so um a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you you you you you so much for listening and leaving well I mean um you know a comment for for for for for us and we're excited to share this case with you okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November well you know know know know know like you know 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana Montana Montana Montana Montana to so uh you know uh get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 11 11 11 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you like like like like like like okay I mean how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning morning morning morning morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes you know well okay um years to connect connect connect connect connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would so well well well well well okay I mean eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman woman woman woman woman. It would take so um so um years for police to connect him him him him him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator okay okay I mean so so so so so who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, but your well uh like so bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup cup cup cup cup of murder you know okay I mean like on May 6th. 1986 21 year year year year year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas like um so so so so so you know Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, you you you you you know well like I mean let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. Let you know uh I mean you know me explain explain explain explain explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you know I mean so I mean you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer and anchor I mean so okay I mean will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts okay okay okay okay okay like you know so and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you you you you you can make money like you know uh uh from your podcast with no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a okay uh so well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out out out out out uh well um uh there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to you know like like um get started and now a word about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all I mean well I mean I I I I I mean of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one one one one one place for okay I mean well okay free. You don't even need a premium account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of so okay um well podcasts on every every every every every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the third episode of my like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had had had had had a good uh well you know I mean day. We're using the mic this time time time time time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except um you know well I mean it's on on on on on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some well so so so so so so uh like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa. Um, we've got okay um okay you know some great stuff in store for you you you you you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay uh okay okay you know. That was fun fun fun fun fun. What are what are what are what are what are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk about I mean well like um anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay well well. Let me explain it's free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know I mean so so so so so so your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you like I mean okay uh so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple pie case and many more well well um I mean you can make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so I mean so um everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor um um um um um I mean I mean I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get started. Are you I mean um well okay going to love this one? I put put put put put I put I put I put I put out so much content that if if if if if you listen well so okay uh to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is being brought to you by by by by by you know uh uh well anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting and distribution side okay you know okay I mean and an app is well, well, well, well, well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's like it's like okay like well definitely one of the best apps that you you you you you can go and find out anchor will you know you know I mean I I I I I mean help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also like like like like like um so so has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right right right right right from a phone um you know like I mean or a computer. It's basically basically basically basically basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one you know um um um um um I mean um place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go go go go go to so you know well I mean Anchor or FM to get started started started started started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, so so so uh I'm good. And And And And And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, you know I mean like like like like like you know man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am I am I am I am I am calling calling calling calling calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall so so like well. See if if if if if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going okay like you know you you you you you know to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze Breeze Breeze Breeze Breeze of well like I mean so Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just just just just just wanted I mean um you know you know to go over I sold myself short short short short short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities so uh uh um. I think think think think think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember uh okay so so so so so so what I got. My boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my my my my my boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful uh um uh so cards out, out, out, out, out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got so I I I I I mean I mean like him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he he he he he loves cheesecake and I also got um you know uh so him Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the indoor stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to uh okay so uh guide guide guide guide guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies okay uh like like like like like okay for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we you know know know know know so I mean so bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to to to to to inspire you and keep you um well well um entertained on those long slow slow slow slow slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer um uh well uh uh uh uh uh and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a a a a a well so like you know charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook at facebookcom okay um well uh. Slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter and draw stronger. You well well well okay can also join our Facebook Community by by by by by clicking visit group on our page um um so I mean and sending us a a a a a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, so so okay so please please please please please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask ask okay so well um that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven seven seven seven seven years old okay so um um Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert uh so okay you know Boos. Oh the the the the the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and um well uh um I assure you you you you you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years okay well well I I I I I mean but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because because because because because he like um um okay has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying saying saying saying saying like three four weeks at a uh um uh okay time or maybe even even even even even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm uh I I I I I mean well okay talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times times times times times I mean um uh I mean. He has a lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business I I I I I mean I mean so um owners looking for a better way in business and and and and and life this week. We're looking for okay I mean so like a better way to manage manage manage manage manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? well like well like like like like like well like well like well like well well I'm really glad we decided decided decided decided decided to look at this book this week because I well okay so you know know know know know like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of of of of of like I mean well so this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since since since since since I read this book, but you know um okay uh it kind of just there there there there there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my okay uh uh uh uh uh you know you know routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate integrate integrate integrate integrate at you know so well uh the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector Vector Vector Vector Vector is vector is vector is vector is vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even um well well well well well well I mean use it. I know I know I know I know I know know know know know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so like like like like like like you know okay hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special special special special special guest for haven't uh I mean so I mean eaten the sexy. Lift my my my my my lift my lift my lift my lift my English the funding. What are what what what what what are what are what are what are you here for the I mean you you you you you know I mean I mean title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but but but but but English on the okay well so um translator is interpreter translating right or crooked crooked crooked crooked crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, well so like um Ben tell us who you you you you you are and who you are Nick. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the the the the the dominating Edge today well like well well. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So So So So So stick around when I was a kid so well you know uh. Kid growing up up up up up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old um well well well well well you know um. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I I I I I wanted to so okay okay I mean accept an offer to play in the school's jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz band. I was I was I was I was I was a um I I I I I mean well well trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about the cards The Meta and the community well like I mean like of of of of of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become become become become become a supporter well so well like of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast cast cast cast cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome uh um you know well to Legends cast a a a a a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community um you know okay you you you you you know of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or or or or or the lift outside you know okay okay uh of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit uh okay well you know of an an an an an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can can can can can listen like you know well you know to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in in in in in one place for free without a well uh I mean well premium account Spotify has has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you like like I mean mean mean mean mean so can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium users can like like uh okay download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever and easily share what you're like so so like listening to with your friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be so so um um um um um um sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse podcasts okay I mean you know you know in the your library tab. Also, make make make make make sure to follow me. So you you know I mean well well never miss miss miss miss miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 uh uh uh uh uh well okay well the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals goals goals goals goals by Rachel so um um uh Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host host host host host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric um you know you know I mean traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on on on on on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually I mean um you know like posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years years years years years so um I mean you know of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia or sedation open reduction okay I mean you know uh may be required if if if if if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries okay uh okay you know know know know know are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And And And And And like I mean okay you know these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric patients. Again. These injuries well I mean well uh are more common than hip hip hip hip hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury I mean so so well in patients aged aged aged aged aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports um well well well well well okay uh injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky at um well so so lap record, but it's fun time with you. See See See See See for forward Tyler did all that I mean you know you know um all all all all all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the the the the the unluckiest so um I mean so Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have have have have have any rainbows on the island. So uh like so well if there were no no no no no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody like like well you know and and and and and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you you you you you who so uh like well don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and and and and and there were some major major news you know like you know uh dropped today and and and and and I'm sure you know about it. I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't I don't know how much so like you know uh time you've had to think think think think think about this but this is a new story that really I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so um does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's it's it's it's it's time you uh I mean well uh have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it it it it it is about the new baby so so well I mean. I figured we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research research research research research so like um okay. You looked into it to find out what her deal deal deal deal deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most um so um okay Sinister. I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot I I I I I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets uh uh uh uh uh like like so to come to your shows. You don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't need this right here. I promise you you want want want want want so so like like the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a a a a a lasso around. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, so so so so so so well like this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to um uh uh uh uh uh okay you know hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's who's who's who's who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations um okay um um the class. He teaches he teaches he he he he he teaches he teaches he teaches a class called leadership development. So he so he so so so so so he so he so he asked Jonny to I mean you know um uh come in in in in in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core so so so so so I mean um so values talks about how important those are and how vital it it it it it is to know what you know so so you know your core values are so so so so so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled like like like like like like okay uh programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have we we we we we have we have we have we have our Flamingo okay you know so so so so so okay correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from arango arango arango arango arango from arango from arango from arango from the I mean um okay I mean mean mean mean mean American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode episode episode episode episode where you know well uh I mean we outline why the flamingo is the most badass badass badass badass badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're you they're you they're you they're you they're you you you you you know uh okay uh they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call call call call call today. Sure. I I mean um I mean like don't know if you're on on on on on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has like like well I mean mean mean mean mean been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It It It It It was, you know okay well um okay brought to my attention by a few people people people people people. It looks like a picture from a okay um uh so flamingo crime scene. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to I mean like uh you know know know know know the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal uh uh uh uh uh um um so. I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL LL LL LL LL. Oh and you're the like I mean uh you know CEO season 21 episode episode episode episode episode 15 swim. Being with being with being with being with being with the the the the the sharks baby shower okay like so well. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't joined us before welcome. Let us let us let us let us let us us us us us tell you well like like so ahead of time that if you find find find find find yourself in a situation where you need okay um I mean um help, please please please please please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is okay um you know know know know know like 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six six six six six four, six um like I mean so seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking parking parking parking parking cars can be a chore but a great car you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget budget budget budget budget or like like okay okay family require. There's a car out there. You'll love love love love love we're here to help you so well okay I mean find it. I'm Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating heating heating heating heating pads weren't you're happy okay um so okay for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy happy happy happy happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars so like so uh in the winter sort of of of of of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it well okay you know like like like like like honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it it it it it um um I mean uh out of the garage and having some work done done done done done start start. I'm trying to wrap um um I mean you you you you you know my head around this you started it last night started was the day day day day day after Christmas um I mean you know like. So that's been like what three three three three three months as of this report. Last time. It moved so um so well was was was was was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, way, way, way, way, um well uh so where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted granted granted granted granted it's not a heavy car like um you know so is true. I could tell tell tell tell tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard hard hard hard hard like uh so uh and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon believe it or not uh uh okay well today. We will we will we we we we we will we will we will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our our our our our I mean I mean okay so last page of rough road today today today today today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We um um okay uh thought for today's today's today's today's today's death. We would we would we would we would we would actually just it's it's it's it's it's really just part of an unload I mean uh um you know we would just just just just just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is is is is is Really the first topic that's on okay you know so okay the top. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto you know know know know know so uh um The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need I need I I I I I need I need I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and uh like like like like like so okay evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is is is is is Netter. Just talking to so well you know like teachers welcome to this week's Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts you know uh I I I I I mean well and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a a a a a strip Back Lean so okay well um podcast this week. So there so there there there there there so there so there so there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual usual usual usual usual you know okay um like podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music music music music music film and books. They will um you know I mean you know return next week. So So So So So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful I mean you you you you you know um okay ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict strict strict strict strict back podcast is that I'm so I mean uh well recording especially early in the the the the the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of you know know know know know I mean so uh Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you well well well well well uh uh like like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, then we've got the like so um uh podcast for you. We are are are are are we are we are we are we are dude for Thought come join us us us us us as we try okay um you know I mean to find the line between between between between between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, uh hey, uh hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, uh hey, uh hey, uh uh so okay if you're listening to this, you you you you you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean. We're just we're just we're just we're just we're just kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like well so so like like like like like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low so so so so so uh okay uh blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call call call call call it you know like like I mean the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, now, now, now, now, of course town and so so you know you know Tim podcast, which ever ever ever ever ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something something something something something new just so so well uh you know had an idea one day day day day day like hey, you know, we do have a lot okay like like uh of of of of of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know hey, you know might as well try to to to to to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about about about the gross I mean okay you know um margin impact of a successful launch of of of of of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid uh so you know okay model X X X X X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from I mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh um a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on on on on on this shout out to the uh well like um third row podcast. I came up the the the the the idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were we we we we we were just recording and so uh uh you know we're talking about this new track track track track track package that came out for the model 3 I mean I mean you know so so so so so. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new new so you know I mean uh tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which which which which which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay you know uh um um five and a a a a a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake I mean like like um pads pads pads pads pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten like like like like like so okay like some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I I I I I was just thinking so um uh like like wow, there's so much opportunity for for for for for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance so okay well like Brand to upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die uh like like like like like um um Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is is is is is one example, okay like like uh but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be like I I I I I mean okay um telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's It's It's It's It's the best app to use for okay I mean like well any type of podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or um I mean well well well well well so any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on like um you know you know acre. They post they post they post they they they they they post they post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help uh I I I I I mean well I mean you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need need need need need in one place and it um you know well well is the best platform platform platform platform platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4 well you know I I I I I mean um. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know how how how how how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid you know like so I I I I I mean. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest rest rest rest rest doesn't uh um okay um matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the the the the the combine that just happened and okay uh so uh how the Panthers are going to to to to to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're you're you're you're you're okay okay um like having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows shows shows shows shows a good uh okay well um one. Nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel Feel Feel Feel Feel nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion. We have okay so um okay conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V V V V V play from the New Orleans um um well I mean Saints playoff game that you you you you you would want to hear the answer from has a very good so well you know uh uh uh uh uh answer. Also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the Green Green Green Green Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation well so like I mean that you could potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you uh so well um enough for choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing to listen to this show. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I mean you could do okay like um so a lot of other things with with with with with your earholes right now. A lot of the well uh well well things people people people people people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use I use I I I I I use I use I use Q-tips all so you know I mean okay the time. I I I I I love I love I love I love I love me too. I love Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, uh so like well by the way, though though though though though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push you know okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you have you have you have you have you been looking for a a a a a way to start a podcast? If so, if so, if so, if so, if so, so, so, so, so, look you know like okay okay no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a um uh okay like podcast. Literally it's free. There's no no no no no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host well well you know uh uh uh uh uh your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast um um um um um like so I mean right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So you you know so uh um don't have to mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and like so so um um um um um apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make make make make make money okay you know you know um. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything that you want in a um you know um I mean podcast in in in in in one place. You have something to say you want to get it um well you you you you you know well out. You want to write a note just upload and turn turn turn turn turn on your anchor uh I mean you know um app on your phone and hit hit hit hit hit record and save notes to your library to I mean so I mean like like like like like upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay I mean you know like it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a hundred percent um um um um um well okay okay free this creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast you know I mean like so right from your phone, or you you you you you can do it from your computer. Anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we we we we we anchor we okay um like so do the rest. It's going to distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like well um um like apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you need I mean um you know I mean to make a podcast and one place place place place place download the free anchor app or so so uh so go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh like Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest invest invest invest invest our money I mean you know so um in the more entertaining way. My name is is is is is Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a photographer by the the the the the so okay um like day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards cards cards cards cards and this show okay um like I mean I'll be sitting down with you you you you you and sharing my best practices. You learn my so uh um like process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned and more importantly who who who who who you should be buying like like well well sup guys and welcome back to the the the the the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't so so you know so I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my my my okay I mean uh okay guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss in a mica covid so uh you know you know Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Anabolic Anabolic Anabolic Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ uh well okay you you you you you know and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code code code code code. Just like well well so listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again again again again again. This is huge and you're listening well like so um to good answers. Hi, I'm youths youths youths youths youths and we are living to have you here with us you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello like like like like like like okay um. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this this this this this is huge and okay like like I mean you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down the you know um so well top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992 um okay okay okay okay okay you know so. When the when the when the when the when the Little Little Little Little Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths so I mean mean mean mean mean so uh from the Philippines. It was it was it was it was it was a a a a a team that captivated the world until deceptions of like um you know so so so so so age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events events events events events from okay well okay um history tune in right here. Day to to to to to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify well so well uh or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts. The Little the Little the Little the Little the Little League League League League League World Series is perhaps the so well well okay most well-known event in international Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of okay uh well um um um um um fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly he clearly he he he he he clearly he clearly he clearly declares some 91 well you know you know um um um um um over your life. No virus no virus no virus no virus no virus can Prevail Prevail Prevail Prevail Prevail over the spirit of God plead the you know well I mean uh blood blood blood blood blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even even even even even come like so okay I mean close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did okay well like okay you hear this more more more more more people are dying now and this was happening is coming well well uh um close close close close close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come okay okay okay okay okay so like well to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked kicked kicked kicked kicked out of okay um well like Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into into into into into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of none of none of none of none of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here so um like like like like like um with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on like like like like like well um uh this episode we are man for episode is really funny because because because because because we're just kind so you know like you know of diving. All right all right all all all all all right all right all right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I I I I I have I mean like I mean you know a feeling that this is going to be be be be be a serious. So we'll call it like like like you know vol 1 but but but but but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um Okay, so I extended so I had I lived lived lived lived lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So um I mean well I mean I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just just just just just what I mean like well so would that look like? Well, this is is is is is a very small part of what we I mean you know um uh are talking about about about about about in today's episode. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get get get get get things started. The coronavirus is so like well well the Talk of the Town right right right right right now and today I want to cover it uh well um well in some detail detail detail detail detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode uh I mean uh you know know know know know I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial uh uh uh uh uh okay well well emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having having having having having on well I mean so I mean well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P well well well well well um I mean you know frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry. It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called ammo um uh uh well well well well well no photo show. Yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're so dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s so okay like okay rap brother. I heard I I I I I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard because I played it for for for for for you. This one's for so um like so you man. I don't know not to to to to to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to um um like so the the the the the Moa. No photo show. We are we are we are we are we are a a a a a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster I mean like I mean I mean rap rap rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so well um. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so so so so so don't get enough well um so okay social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to to to to to be this gangster rap so like uh you know. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg Dogg Dogg Dogg Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty sure it's where the wind well well well well well you know well so goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about about about about about what I knew of uh I mean well um it. But now but now but but but but but now but now but now I know it's also the ancestral home of two two two two two warring American factions those okay you know like you know no-good greasers and those rotten sotius sotius sotius sotius sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature so um um like. I'm your host host host host host Emily Edwards. What is what is what is what is what is it about about about about about this book? That just gets it uh okay so uh I mention it it it it it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with so like you know you know me me me me me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I so so so so so so uh so am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have have have have have I mean so uh okay you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host host. Dr uh like so I mean. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a a a a a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also um uh um I mean the founder founder founder founder founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome you you you you you know okay I mean well anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please please please please please join us each week as like well so you know we share real sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety well okay okay okay okay okay okay well OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like and uh well okay you know feels like will follow our guests as they they they they they overcome their biggest fears and find that okay well so you know despite their their their their their biological vulnerabilities. They can they can they can they can they can still still still still still live a rich full and meaningful life with a well you know you know know know know know so reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients clients clients clients clients do you know okay so so well to help them generalize those those those those those skills towards areas where their stock my so um I mean like model for Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help help help conversations so okay okay like with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Sosa of holistically well uh well uh Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and and and and and exploring Health like okay um uh through the mind and body. This week's guest guest guest guest guest needs no introduction. She is an um like you know like author Wellness consultant consultant consultant consultant consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping okay you know know know know know um like others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted in trust without shame. She well like um so is the magic behind words for for for for for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my so so you know um all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has um um um um um okay well um been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When When When When When I mean uh so like big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the the the the the voice of DJ you know uh uh I mean Scream big Bankers his time time time time time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got so I mean so so so so so okay family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome uh you you you you you know um uh. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's you it's you it's you it's you it's you know know know know know so okay okay a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a a a a a uh um uh so conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your your your your your partner and well, why don't I mean okay I mean well women man man man man man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're well well well well well well like you know going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell I I I I I mean like um okay the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big big big big big fast tradition. Can you can you can you can you can you do like I I I I I mean like uh that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left left left left left off last time we talked well well you know you know it was just just just just just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it it it it it you know uh you know well you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today today today today today. I'm you know um okay I mean going to be bringing on a friend friend friend friend friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here well uh I mean like like like like like probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that that that that that so okay like um now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All All All All All of that well so you know well kind of thing usually is what we would would would would would talk about when we get together I mean um so okay. She's since moved away away away away away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a uh uh uh I I I I I mean while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent spent spent spent spent the last several well like so like years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into into into into into it whenever I met her you know I mean uh you know and she has has has has has spent all these years doing that. So she's so she's so she's so she's so she's she's she's she's she's going to share okay okay uh I mean some of her knowledge of herbs and and and and and we had a really good discussion. I well so um uh have to apologize that that that that that I have not figured out yet, which I need um you know um like to to to to to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of of of of of you are um like uh okay those who benefit others so I'm a thief thief thief thief thief and here I am. And we like you know I mean you know are your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what is good y'all welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to this week's episode of talks with okay well um like taboo. Welcome to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to this week's episode of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow you know like like I mean and you can smell smell smell smell smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks so so so so so so so like out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's you you you you you know I mean I mean well episode. I just I just I just I I I I I just I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I well you you you you you know um uh will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next next next next next day of March the 7th um um so I mean. I will I I I I I will I will I will I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and and and and and both of those shows are on okay like you know like the E - - - - - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really you know okay um um um um um so excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want want want want want to talk well uh um um about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up up up up up. Let's get into this week's episode you know like um uh. Are the podcast and and and and and the intro song this week is actually a song that um well well you you you you you know a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to to to to to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need I need I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host host host host host Adam Simpson and I am joined I mean I mean so uh by terrie terrie terrie terrie terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay so speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought okay like like like like like like well it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you you you you you doing I mean you know so you know. I am doing fine. I was on the the the the the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the like okay okay well woo Kang now we we we we we talked for almost two and a A half like I mean okay like hours just about about about about about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back I mean okay okay okay okay okay so uh where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material material material material material and talks about that for well well uh like two hours wasn't quite quite quite quite quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot you know okay like so that that that that that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same so so so so so so uh so time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to to to to to record what will be good and you know uh okay I mean I'm like 9:00 pm pm pm pm pm. Your time your time your time your time your time sounds good and I work work work work work backwards and like like like um uh I can wake up at that point point point point point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like like like like like um uh uh the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of of of of the most so um uh okay notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal normal normal normal normal con artists episode. We're exploring the um okay like so most fascinating True Crime themes themes themes themes themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips okay um well well well well well so from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like so you know so okay motivation method and Madness and show how how how how how interconnected the True Crime world really is so well you know like you can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to well um you know um podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted posted posted in the description like you know so okay today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back we're back we're back we're back we're back like uh well I mean with with with with with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the um um um um um okay you know um last few weeks in new cases of the virus virus virus virus virus have been going up and so so um so up as of right now. There There There There There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and you know so so so so so you know well the virus has spread fast outside of China with with with with with more than 70 countries now I mean like I mean like affected and we're we're we're we're we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week well you know okay okay okay okay okay uh the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus virus virus virus virus is well you know uh I mean with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four four four four four percent of the people who get I mean well um okay it worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based based based based based um um okay like on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a a a a a celebration of things okay well well well going wrong and what we can learn learn learn learn learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for so uh um uh them to discuss failings failings failings failings failings in their life both in their personal life and you know okay uh I I I I I mean in their career showing how much you can grow from things that uh so so so so so well so maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay at mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have have have have have the lovely so um I mean okay off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel so well well you know. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have have have have have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm I mean you know you know uh Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay so 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling very well Queen uh like like you know Hazel. And so he's chilling at at at at at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi well so so okay. Hope she's she's she's she's she's hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's doing very well today, and she's she's she's she's she's just sitting around watching. Flex and flex and flex and flex and flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live live live live live. If you don't know the drill you sure well uh you know so as hell hell hell hell hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you you you you you uh um um okay here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on on on on on so um okay like the ones and twos and the man the solution to to to to to our audio that is like uh I mean I mean Tyler on the dice dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you well I mean so you you you you you know here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now now now now now. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you know well I mean like like like like like folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let well you you you you you know well uh you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts and so you know well um Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is is is is is their third generation trimmer well um well I mean featuring Advanced Skin safe technology technology technology technology technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one uh um um um um um um so of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The The The The The criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned okay you know know know know know okay I mean there with a worst of the worst many of them were were were were were there for Life like uh you know you know others for death. By that time time time time time the electric chair had claimed the lives I mean you know so like of a a a a a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that so so like like like like like um number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there there there there there was I mean okay okay like one man on death row in 1921 who had had had had had escaped the clutches of old you know like I mean uh Sparky a longshoreman who who who who who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage um okay um like like like like like. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one like like like like like um you know um of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's you know um I mean I I I I I mean the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your your your your your parents uh I mean I mean well anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your your your your your trust and respect in some cases um um so um. It's even more more more more more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've well uh uh uh uh uh like well even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will will will will will. It right uh uh so um after all you're in a good relationship and and and and and the thought of betraying your current partner uh you know well uh seems impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find find us like you know uh okay go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click click click click click the link in the description below well well I mean so. Thank you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty I mean uh you know so Revenge the subreddit where people post stories stories stories stories stories of small victories over those who dared uh so like I mean to cross them. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your enjoy your enjoy your your your your your enjoy your enjoy your I mean well um you know forced. I'm out. So So So So So this happened to me years ago to the details may be um okay you know I I I I I mean a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was um um um um um um like like just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the the the the the Navy so Working I mean you know well well with a recruiter and events would would would would would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out well well okay um um um um um while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was you know know know know know I mean so well that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after after after after after credit, thank you, Maggie um uh so um. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to after credits. My name my name my name my name my name is Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce and I'm uh I mean I mean so here with my co-host. Her name name name name name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, this is so uh like okay the first episode of our And we we we we we basically the end. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my God I mean well okay you know. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? week week week week We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, hi there, hi there, hi there, hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F F F F F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're so you know I mean so listening to to to to to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be uh um um um um um like well discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will will will will will um uh well well also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and and and and and share stories through our respective creative you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists artists artists artists artists uh okay you know okay on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening listening listening listening listening to this podcast, be um like uh um sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name my name my name my name my name is Hobie economy said said said said said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold like um well you know know know know know. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per per per per per ounce okay like like uh in February. This is a seven-year High a level not not not not not seen since 2010 January 2013 you know I mean you know so. The question the the the the the question the question the question the question of most people's minds right now is can can can can can go beat his record you know like uh so high set on a rainy autumn day day day day day on 6 September 2011 the record high of uh uh okay I mean 1920 1920 1920 1920 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think so so so so so okay like well it is first important to understand what drove drove drove drove drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's so I mean well okay take a a a a a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war the war the war the war the war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a business is not an easy task task task task task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a I mean um like um lot of of of of of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience like so well well well well well uh experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here I'm here to guide you join me as I I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual met so okay um so the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot? F m-- you know, so I mean you know well when I began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of um okay like like like like like I mean host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse browse browse browse browse. It was so okay um I mean well complicated so much so that until until until until until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always I I I I I mean I mean well okay. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how how how how how you doing? Charlie didn't charlie didn't charlie didn't charlie didn't charlie didn't say the the the the the um I mean you know I mean thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where where where where where we invited guests on you just skipped it like like uh okay we have because because because because because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would okay so I mean mean mean mean mean uh I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't don't don't don't don't have you know okay you know um a guest one thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean like was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought thought thought thought thought it'd just I mean I mean I mean I mean be nice just the two two two two two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got we got we we we we we got we got we got a great show okay well you know you know for you guys guys guys guys guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today you know well uh uh uh uh uh um. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on on on on on this chord? like I mean you know I mean That's great. That's a big. Thanks very very very very very soon. That's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty Savage so money update two two two two two episodes you know so like uh in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say we're at four dollars you know well well like 48 cents should Chang it's it's it's it's it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 like you know so uh. That's That's That's That's That's the that's the that's the that's the that's the point that I think we can probably probably probably probably probably Go to the dollar store almost like I mean well like five round trips. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's really awesome. We can we can we can we can we can buy a a a a a bouncy ball or like a so well like okay confetti Pauper like five of of of of of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe okay so uh uh uh uh uh well beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the the the the the Marlboro Man okay um so so sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is is is is is the most packed episode we've ever like um well you know had that's cool. It's It's It's It's It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go uh uh uh uh uh okay um like wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines um like so uh week and and and and and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start like I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all all all all all the way okay okay so uh to the molars in the back three. Today we're we're we're we're we're learning about a brilliant uh you know like you know scientist who helped discover DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the okay um like so scientists scientists scientists scientists scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young well well you you you you you know um girl. She grew she grew she grew she grew she grew up in in in in in London in the 1930s and went to one of um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a a a a a teenager uh okay you know um she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is is is is is so uh uh so our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us us us us us today. Hope this inspires you um uh well so hope it builds your faith faith faith faith faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in so well well I I I I I mean your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am am am am am um um like so going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read read read read read the scripture is okay um uh I mean 19 verses today. So go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow uh like well well. God bless bless bless bless bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This This This This This okay this okay this okay this okay this okay like well well sermon will probably take take take take take two weeks to preach. We did we did we did we did we we we we we did it last night. The I mean uh okay I mean Lord showed up up up up up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and and and and and thank you for listening to this audio um you know uh you know know know know know podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive well I I I I I mean you know so online community of artists and thinkers centered around this this this this this content that I create and curate so okay I mean you know online for us us us us us to talk about which is why both our tagline for okay like so I I I I I mean phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it it it it it. Most of I mean uh like okay these uploads are originally stream live on our our our our our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting you know uh like um with those as they they they they they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications um um so like at at at at at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner owner owner owner owner of the package a podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted to okay well like okay take a brief moment today to let let let let let you know about the easiest way like okay you know okay possible to start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like well well well well well so so actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well well well as software like so well like to record each episode for the longest time time time time time. I actually paid money to host the packet uh okay like um a podcast and and and and and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using like I mean well well well well well like different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything everything everything everything everything well so okay uh we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for for for for for free either from my computer okay like well you know tablet or cell phone. Not Not Not Not Not only not only not only not only not only that anchor actually gives us us us us us the opportunity to make well so uh uh money with no minimum listenership. If you're you're you're you're you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better uh like okay um be serious about using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor you know so I mean I mean dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before so before so before so before so before we jump into the the the the the episode, we just want to let y'all know you know I mean you know know know know know you know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchors it easiest uh well so you know way to make a podcast and they give give give give give you everything you need in you know uh well you know one place for for for for for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough um um um um um like you know so creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to to to to to make it sound well like okay you know popping. They also they also also also also also they also they also they also will help you distribute the podcast if you want want want want want to grow like you know okay like the dead-ass family like we do do do do do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google okay I mean like so so so so so podcast and many more. You can you can you can you can you can also also also also also make a little bit of Ching from uh like like I mean your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that I I I I I mean like well like FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond fond fond fond fond um well I mean well farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to to to to to Amy Klobuchar. Amy okay amy okay amy okay amy okay amy okay so I mean mean mean mean mean you know Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to to to to to me. I mean well uh okay okay kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable um so um like as as as as as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking talking talking talking talking backwards between Peaks like I mean you know okay podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined joined joined joined joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I well I mean I mean you you you you you know am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to to to to to go back to I mean you know uh uh the beginning and pick up some some some some some of our favorite bits. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought this was uh you know like uh a good stopping point after episode episode episode episode episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was okay well so like some some some some some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development development development development development I mean um so so goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your your your your your co-host James and Kevin here to uh uh well okay take you along the the the the the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast you know um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to to to to to actually build it. So like so like so like so like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years years years years years later you know like so okay and you know similar to what many things happen happen happen happen happen in the world. We usually so you know you know so plan something for for for for for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for you know okay well well well well well well object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in in in in in so so so I mean Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a a a a a thesis around the okay so so uh water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our show notes, you know so um I mean so three years. I started listening to you you you you you and I was in a transitional phase like you know you know I mean and and and and and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had had had had had uh uh uh well that dream for about 15 years and I think it it it it it was in my vibrational escrow and okay um like well I worked hard and when when when when when I started listening to you, I left a so well I mean so really high high high high high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for um like like like like like like I mean two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I I I I I I mean okay uh well was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in in in in in my life. And I you know like you know like got so aligned and the the the the the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and okay like like okay okay okay okay okay it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever ever ever ever ever I mean I mean okay like asked for no not more than you could have have have have have ever asked for us in a like uh I mean um way that I I I I I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a a a a a conversation. You you know I mean uh okay know, I'm saying the only moment moment moment moment moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve so well well okay each other to to to to to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like I mean so like like like like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you you you you you know okay uh um you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't don't don't don't don't think it was enough because um um well so we just weren't having having having having having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to you know you know I I I I I mean um make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally totally totally totally totally useless that you know you know uh well it's just a bunch of idiots run run run run run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, I mean like um so but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Mikey like okay I mean um AKA Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available those you know like like like like like like you know challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can can can can can work towards unlocking well so so so T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have have have have have okay um you know so brought him in yet once again and yet once once once once once again another action-packed power suit Tyler like um you know like had have you you you you you seen something this ridiculous? We asked we asked we asked we asked we asked asked asked asked asked Alex last week. Have you have you have you have you have you seen like so so so so so I mean uh this type of soup come in the studio? It's not not not not not ridiculous. I think it's a um okay like you know good-looking suit. I I I I I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a JCrew well you know know know know know uh so. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is is is is is dialed in okay so so well and now what it what is the flower there? there there there there It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, you know you know like like you know, it adds a little flare flare flare flare flare a little spice. So you are and are well uh okay okay you going going going going going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before like like like like like so like well my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do do do do do here again, we um well okay you know got a couple action-packed guests for for for for for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's hey what's hey what's hey what's hey what's going on box box box box box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of the uh okay you you you you you know you know Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys guys guys guys guys today. My name um uh so you know is KJ I said I'll be your host host host host host and it's actually going to be you know I mean so so a solo pod pod pod pod pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is you know like so uh in in in in in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to you know know know know know well like like talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of of of of of people consider this to well you know so so be the biggest matchup of of of of of the year. It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on the Lakers home home home home home turf at the Staples like you know okay okay Center in Los Angeles. We We We We We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers you know like like like like like you know you know played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and and and and and it is the like I mean uh uh infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron LeBron LeBron LeBron LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you so like I mean mean mean mean mean you know know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so you know I mean okay our new podcast platform. The easiest the the the the the easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest way to make a podcast that you know know know know know I mean so uh is a good point and gives you everything you need in in in in in one place for free I mean I mean you know well and you can can can can can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can you know so so so so so well um record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast sound as I mean okay I mean okay good as my voice or you can upload upload upload upload upload a podcast that you might have um uh um well recorded on another application. Also ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it uh like well okay can Be heard heard heard heard heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You uh well so so so so so uh can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with with with with with okay okay so well anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot so well like well. F m-- right now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be be be be be well I mean so uh settled down with a family trying to make make make make make the best of life during wartime. Pearl um like okay uh was not not not not not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a like well well well well well you know so husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a a a a a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle so okay okay well Journey despite the chill of the the the the the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she uh like um um peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed I I I I I mean I mean you know like the brakes just around a bend in the river a a a a a bridge came into view I mean well okay um German soldiers coated the span span span span span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital vital vital vital vital message. She carried she carried she carried she carried she carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready for some clean clean clean clean clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um okay like like like like like so start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles circles circles circles circles all the way I mean I mean you know you know around each tube tube tube tube tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous woman so so so so so well um um from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania is an island so okay so so near Australia. There's a group of people people people people people they're called the palala the Paulo were the first people I mean you you you you you know um um to live on that island and tricking Nene was one of of of of of the palala people I mean so I mean uh switcher rushing to the other side side side side side of the top of your mouth and brush the well uh like um molars molars molars molars molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love so so so so so I mean so uh living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on on on on on. Well, it's um uh so uh the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in in in in in May of our Partnerships are um I mean okay you know going to be under under under under under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this uh I mean uh um um um um um is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together together together together together you know I mean you know uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're we're we're we're we're at hair Love retreat in May uh um like um we're going to be we're we're we're we're we're going to be there with schedule. Is he is he is he is he he he he he is he going you know well well like to be a salon? Because of of of of of course we going to be there with her love well I mean okay you know Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is is is is is going so um like um to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity in the very schedule okay you know you know uh is City way, they're they're they're they're they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're yeah, they're going um you know okay okay to give away a ticket to to to to to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited okay you know I mean so so so so so schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little like like like like like um uh well idea how we do it here at paddle and fin fin fin fin fin podcast. We use the anchor okay um well well dot f m-- recording platform platform platform platform platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay like well okay. There's creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right I mean you know I I I I I mean okay from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download Download you know uh um okay the free anchor app to get started. This segment is is is is is brought to you by well so you know I mean jig Master jigs when when when when when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masterscom you know I mean like like like like like I mean. And use promo code. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 20 20 20 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig uh well um okay order today today today today today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment um well uh uh uh uh uh I mean where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is is is is is right now uh like you know uh and every time he needs to make a a a a a change she has to run across so okay like so the room. Like it's like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't don't don't don't don't listen that's part of the um I mean you know you know sort of you you you you you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah well well well well well well you know you know is well. I mean, that's how y'all record record record record record to write. You have a giant paper um well well like mache nose with us the the the the the recording system inside. Of it of it of it of it of it and and and and and you have to pull I mean okay so I mean out boogers to get it it it it it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is like so uh you know in in in in in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in I mean uh like like like like like um there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I I I I I cuss well you know like uh too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh ball at me and I so you know like you know hurts a lot. A A A A A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a so you know you know know know know know I mean lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome scientists and first first first first first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and so I mean so so so so so like I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going going going going going like like uh uh to join us for the ride on the first ever ever ever ever ever episode of Melody our uh uh like so little silver. How you doing? How How How How How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil so so I mean uh. Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax I I I I I mean so um so at home. All right, so What do you think the the the the the goal is for the podcast? okay you know I mean okay Honestly, I have no no no no no idea. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let me try to Enlighten the like well well okay that a little bit. So So So So So basically it did start out as a meme between I mean uh like I I I I I mean me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking talking talking talking talking about us okay um well so having great voice and we should do like like like like like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure make sure sure sure sure sure make sure make sure make sure you follow well okay I mean like your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if if if if if you uh um so like become a premium user you can download the episode so so so so so you can listen well like well uh to them offline like I do when when when when when you're on a plane or wherever you're like you know I mean you know know know know know traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If If If If If you if you if you if you if you haven't done so I mean so so so so so like so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h or um like um uh browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in in in in in head of sand pop uh I mean well okay it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Elise and and and and and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not I mean um okay um like a regular regular regular regular regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening well um um well well well well well. I have I have I have I have I have had some shit on on on on on my mind per usual that I wanted uh okay I mean um to share share share share share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had so you know know know know know you know uh a job for the past. Really long time and like my my my my my adult life probably aside um you know um um from like a gig here and and and and and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother so um um well and my my my my my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's okay okay I I I I I mean you know for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds like like like like like like like I mean of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you you you you you fill your demise is I mean um you know you know it it it it it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in you know know know know know uh you know like your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It It It It It must have been you know okay uh I mean your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold cold cold cold cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic display in I mean you know okay well El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving deserving deserving deserving deserving Any of their victory that takes them like um you know like back to to to to to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk about so um so uh uh uh uh uh a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last you you you you you know um well I mean week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor poor poor poor poor is why am I um so uh okay not posting the full week of workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts on Facebook a week in advance and okay well you know um it's it's it's it's it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you so so so so so okay uh uh guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like like like like like that. And so there are uh you know you know so days that you you you you you can make it and days. You just can't make it like okay uh well. And that is is is is is how I want you to plan your week. I don't uh um I mean well want want want want want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout I mean okay well well well well well you know that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind kind kind kind kind of in so so like okay the first podcast about the purpose of the the the the the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to so you know okay well make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then Then Then Then Then there's creation tools like okay uh well that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know you know well well computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on well um um um um um uh uh Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast with like I mean you know you know no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place like I mean um okay download the free anchor app app app app app. Go to Anchor. FM to get you know uh so I mean started Alright, what's what's what's what's what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your uh like um um um um um um host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast um okay okay um on on on on on today's episode. We have we have we have we have we have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won they won they won they won they won countless noteworthy battles within within within within within the Roman military during the first and second century uh um like I mean BCE. So So So So So how so how so how so how so how did one of the most most most most most efficient and influential combat outfits of all well um okay I mean time vanish from from from from from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want you know like so well well well well well to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast okay okay okay okay okay um so okay presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park Park Park Park Park asked you know okay well I mean shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories theories theories theories theories and more follow Park s presents free on so I mean okay um um um um um Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education education education education education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin um like um well Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really really really really really have a thing so you know well I mean we can actually go through but we we we we we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll uh you know like like think think think think think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh um well uh I I I I I mean and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia Sofia Sofia Sofia Sofia I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking like um um so about about about about about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk um uh you you you you you know um has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really really really really really popular like I mean well um app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the the the the the past few months. It's given you know um um okay a lot of teens opportunities to to to to to get some money and be famous. One of so you know uh um those those those those those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers followers followers followers followers. Okay, you know like like I mean so a song that you guys might might might might might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? uh okay well um So if if if if if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast so so so so so well so well a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by by by by by Games Workshop uh okay okay okay. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So So So So So I hope this isn't um uh uh like too horrible and still trying to to to to to find my feet. So I hope you are bear okay okay okay you know with the the the the the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded well well well you know sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the the the the the show in this um uh so you know show. I cover I cover I cover I cover cover cover cover cover I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I well um um um um um like um then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples the basic well you know like I mean building blocks of the game. I I I I I was intending to spend some time discussing how to well okay um uh use them them them them them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses courses courses courses courses primarily okay you know well um from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode episode episode episode episode than I initially planned like um okay um and you'll probably notice a slight slight slight slight slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the um um you know um um um um um shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and and and and and I mean uh okay okay get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries on personal okay so okay uh development productivity business and more listen to them while while while while while working out or commuting uh um like so to work and get the the the the the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to uh so okay okay okay okay okay so Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one one one one one our so uh um uh content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read read read read read narrated by well so um um Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making making making making making a big bold promise. She's promised to give okay I mean uh like you you you you you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour like like like like like like like uh. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to you you you you you know uh so like formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a a a a a man a fish and you feed so I mean so okay him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some at some at some at some at some point in time time time time time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern you know like well well well well well you know state flooding most of the many counties since the water was was was was was about six feet um you know okay you know deep outside and inside their house house house house house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof I mean you know know know know know like so watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice nice nice nice nice Straw I mean I mean okay well Hat as it went downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream. My he my he my he my he my he thought I'll bet that that that that that person who lost I mean uh uh so that hat is very sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around okay around okay okay okay okay okay around okay around okay around okay okay okay uh the corner of the the the the the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly you know um I mean um um um um um much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was so so so so so um so uh obviously very strange. So the so the so the so the the the the the so the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around well well well well well I mean so like the corner of the house and came floating back down down down down down again after a while. It you know you know well uh came back Upstream yet yet yet yet yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura I mean well uh so and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a a a a a mouthful with Laura and you know so so like Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in well so well okay on this moment moment moment moment moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a so you know know know know know like well sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, like, like, like, like, you know you know like um you know something if it's wow, it's it's it's it's it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and I mean you know um um um um um um it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of of of of of the day I mean like like I mean there are watching us like dance around with with with with with a microphone and then we just well I mean I mean like fade into their lives. I I I I I love that. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope that's how people people people people people see us in okay uh like uh their dreams now. It's probably how they they they they they see you. Don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you must okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part part part part part of this. Oh, it's I mean like well okay just like a myth myth myth myth myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about like you know like so those are are are are are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo um um um um um well so uh a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when when when when when we are okay I mean um I mean recording our podcast. We have have have have have hours of audio that we have to sift through uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point you you you you you know so uh uh that we're not sure if it really can get get get get get into the podcast. We thought I mean I mean well you know we might might might might might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want um um um um um um you know like to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM DM DM DM DM. Send us your well uh okay uh questions and we'll go from there there there there there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I um you know well so did I I I I I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went so like like like like like you know I mean down. I did like did Miami and then sort of of of of of come back round again and went well uh well okay into they had one of of of of of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, a a a a a from SMG and I'm here to tell you um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's well well well well well okay you know uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from you know I mean um so your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like like like like like um like um and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can can can can be heard on well um well uh Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a okay um well like podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest guest guest guest guest I mean uh you know you know here today. Say hello. Hi. You want want want want want to introduce yourself over there? My I mean uh uh I mean name is Katherine Katherine Katherine Katherine Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine so okay well you know know know know know dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean mean mean mean mean um um well um I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it it it it it discreet like I'll I mean I mean you know I mean probably accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended I recommended I recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended I recommended I recommended that you know so like you know I just For For For For For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen listen listen listen listen well uh okay you know to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't don't don't don't don't know we danced at American um you know okay uh Ballet company. I think think think think think I think I think I think I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I I I I I so you know so well don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go go go go go alone. So the so the so the so the so the Nintendo cartridge okay you you you you you know well like Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is is is is is Patrick ehlers and uh I mean so so I'm joined as always by by by by by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show um like you know like like like like like for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including a a a a a like okay like you know lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Club and then so you know like um on Thursday, we're going to to to to to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But I mean so um um um um um you know in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our our our our our friends High um um uh so cuz he hates horror movie that I do do do do do and that's why they call me you know um well you know the horror horror horror horror horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have I mean uh I I I I I mean um not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever every week we take okay well you know so him through the Encyclopedia of of of of of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack so okay you know okay Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's That's That's That's That's my thing. And I'm the funny so so well like one our episodes drop on on on on on Monday. So check so check so check so check so check us out. Consequence Consequence Consequence Consequence Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let well well you know uh me explain. First of all, it's free free free free free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will distribute uh um so uh your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and okay so you know I mean many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh like like like like like so I mean you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the free anchor um um well you know app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f m-- to get started today. Welcome to okay like well so the flip flip flip flip flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a so uh um um um um um uh full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store my store my store my store my my my my my store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD okay well uh I mean uch. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like Thrift. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really excited about about about about about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and um so so so so so like like in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break break break break break because fitting you know you know uh I mean race coming up. So angry is after you you you you you losing to this. It'll be we like okay um you know have week one week week week week week of classes still and then spring break is the week after well I mean mean mean mean mean um you know that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly Spotlight. We just so like I mean um finished. Well, I finished all of my my my my my exams I have before spring break so next week I mean like uh so. I just just just just just I just I just I just I just have a presentation for one of my my my my my classes see your husband exam uh I mean I mean uh for a class that that that that that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free uh okay okay you know know know know know now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice so so so so so so um like because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So So So So So I will say you know like you know you know it was like the the the the the most stressful thing in the world because like it's well I mean you know know know know know like really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today today today uh uh um so and I'm out of the way especially because now that I I I I I feel like I still well I mean um like don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just just just just just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about okay um uh so Spotify on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and um um well well well well well well podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium account and you know so like well that is great because let's face it. We We We We We are all trying to save a okay okay well well little bit these days days days days days. So with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So um uh like uh you never miss an episode you can share whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you're listening to with so so okay uh your friends on Instagram and premium premium premium premium premium users can even download episodes to listen to you know so you know you you you you you know offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have have have have have too many. The so well so okay apps downloaded already but this one one one one one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so okay okay uh okay already download download download download download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in I I I I I mean um like uh the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow follow follow us on there. So you never um so um I mean miss an episode episode episode episode episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so like I mean uh everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take take take take take you know um you know I mean any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey so um like okay Dustin, what's what's what's what's what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I so I I I I I so I so I so I you know well you know okay mean so far far far far far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well then well then well then well then well, well, well, well, well, we haven't talked um you know uh you know to since last week. Hey we've texted. All All All All All that. Yeah, but they don't well so I mean like hear the tax tax tax tax tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people like well I mean mean mean mean mean like. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff uh uh uh uh uh okay uh uh that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we did go to piece um I mean so I mean. That was that was that that that that that was that was that was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists artists artists artists artists. Yeah. It well you know like you know was really cool. Music had some good good good good good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in in in in in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay uh well um now look at the the the the the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after so so so so so so I mean so show and guys. We are at the season finale of the the the the the such a good like so okay well season Chad Hills. I am your your your your your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking well so so okay with you since season one one one one one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys well you know so you you you you you know. I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel panel panel panel panel to the fart like so like you know of my love. I have Miss Janice Janice Janice Janice Janice. I am and she is a biggest so so well um the big Fosters crossover could could could could could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was well you know you you you you you know um in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble fan. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and she you know know know know know so okay um brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's What's What's What's What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel okay uh uh uh uh uh so you know like you want to share? I know I know I know I I I I I know I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around well so okay well for for for for for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make I mean well well well well well I mean um a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's it's it's it's it's free. You can record edit and like so uh you know distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will so you know know know know know so I mean do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and all of well I mean uh like the big names you can make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that okay okay so okay you need for for for for for your podcast right in one place. So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's what what what what what you need I mean like uh like to do. If you're interested Go download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot like okay like I mean. F F F F F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it it it it it like okay like I mean out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the inside scoop so well okay I mean on Mental Health with Bracken level level level level level and Brandon Paxton. This is this is this is this is this is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So well so so so so so well so well so well so well um okay you know for our first first first first first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original well uh um um um um um okay old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this this this this this one. It was one of like you know like okay my mother's favorite. So I think think think think think it was one of the first ones she saw I mean um so I mean in in in in in the theater growing up. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was introduced to this movie when I was you know so uh like about about about about about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me uh so so so so so um like as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will will will will will go beyond uh um like okay just Theory and discuss some of the most important important important important important real world macro questions of uh well uh like our time what happens next next next next next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is your everyday positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm well um um well going to to to to to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's um you know well well well well well so grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not uh so so so so so okay you know seen for a long time. We get to share stories stories stories stories stories about this woman that I mean like you know um was in our our our our our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just I I I I I mean um um well acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and and and and and that today I know we're well you know you know so going to have have have have have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving you know so so so so so okay like and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the the the the the Ridiculousness so well like uh of humans and human nature. And so today I I I I I want you to kind of join me uh so um I mean not just just just just just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast daily. Today Today Today Today Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring our first-ever mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive uh uh like um to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing missing missing missing missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode you know well um I mean that explores what what what what what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow uh uh like like like like like so scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like like like like like this um okay so uh follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July on July on on on on on July on July on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered I mean mean mean mean mean like like uh around a television set and turned on the news the the the the the voice of anchor Walter um okay you know well Cronkite presented some of of of of of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not you you you you you know I mean well um not best friends forever. I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying saying saying saying saying I'm saying I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm um um um um um uh so you know Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode episode episode episode episode 5 were just talking about how like I mean so you know we can believe it it it it it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie okay okay okay okay okay like so so feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's like okay um I mean been a while. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much you know like okay like time with with with with with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or uh you you you you you know you know you know every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the the the the the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are are are are are you I mean you know so um really leaving your hood on the the the the the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on on on on on one you know uh um okay shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's He's He's He's He's like he's like he's like he's like he's like got vomit on his his his his his sweater already mom's you know so okay okay spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was was was was was listening that I've got puke on well I mean well I mean my jumper already. Is Is Is Is Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the okay like I mean mean mean mean mean like same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I I I I I okay okay okay I mean just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to to to to to why do I like well okay like uh this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what what what what what yes what yes what yes what yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing I I I I I mean like okay okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush a little you know um uh okay circles around around around around around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a a a a a uh I mean like you know heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an an an an an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, well you know I mean so her name name name name name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen sarah biffen was born to a poor family in I mean like well um England a long long long long long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she so so you know so so so so so was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when when when when when she well I mean I mean uh was just a kid Sarah taught taught taught taught taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing uh well um like to to to to to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or so so so so so you know well okay try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough enough enough enough enough of that going like so like um on in the world today. As As As As As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast okay I mean um I I I I I mean is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that um um um um um like uh well being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is is is is is not weak. Actually, it's okay um like so quite the opposite. We believe that that that that that true strength is revealed through our ability to so um I mean so continue to to to to to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as well well well well well okay I mean so a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see see see see see the way out so okay so so when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons the you know like you know I mean music in this podcast is shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter than the original version on demand. So uh um you know you know know know know know a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan you know like um uh and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and of course, we've got a well okay you know uh lot of things things things things things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just like you know uh um um um um um straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself to I mean uh well um listeners at home. I know you very well, well, well, well, well, but obviously people I mean I mean you know well at home though. So So So So So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second uh uh okay okay okay okay okay uh year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great great great great great I mean well like well. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you you you you you lose it. Hi. I'm you know you know like so Lucy. I said, said, said, said, said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and and and and and me and me and me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's up what's up what's up friends puff stuff well I mean um uh podcast back back back back back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really like um um um um um I mean like cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They They They They They want to give away okay uh so so their products to a handful of our our our our our listeners. And see and see and see and see and see what you like don't don't don't don't don't like so you know uh I mean questions things like that. Basically, you're just going going going going going to get like a couple weeks supply well um um uh of some CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some so um um um um um so well testimonials from us. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is what you got to do go to the puff I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just just just just just tell like um I mean so us why you want to try it it it it it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products okay so you know you know before and you you you you you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want um so like uh uh uh uh uh to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something something something something something specific that so um I mean like you're hoping that it helps with. No No No No No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want we want we we we we we want we want we want a wide variety of people. So make so make so make so make so make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I like so so so so so okay I mean love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to welcome to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to soba is dull soap is dope I I I I I mean well okay like is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We We We We We support people's right I mean like uh uh to drink and have fun fun fun fun fun. We believe we believe we believe we believe we believe in a Live and Let Let Let Let Let Live approach to um I mean I mean okay sobriety. This show is intended to highlight highlight highlight highlight highlight the benefits of a sober life I mean um so um. We want want want want want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with with with with with I mean okay um well alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you you you you you Cannon. I uh okay uh um am a recovering alcoholic. I am I am am am am am I am I am I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um so so so so so um like explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and and and and and edit you know so um you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so well so well. So it can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you like I mean uh uh uh uh uh um can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you you you you you need uh okay okay I mean to make a podcast in One place, so so so so so let's try together. I remember that day well you know I mean you know like like like like like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending okay you you you you you know I mean I mean messages to strangers and then I look at that body and and and and and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there there there there there today. I okay so like uh wanted to talk a lot about experiences good good good good good and bad memories and all that shit, so um like well but most importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know know know know know didn't know when I should talk I mean I mean I mean um about it it it it it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk I I I I I mean okay well well about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that that that that that school that made me so so I mean you know who I am today. It's like now now now now now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got got got got got unfortunately got um you know uh uh shut down due to financial reasons, which which which which which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to um um um um um well uh I mean thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie I'm Angie I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Angie I'm Angie I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and like okay um um um um um um you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common well well well well well uh uh okay type of relationship that's discussed. And we're and we're and we're and and and and and we're and we're here to share all that. We've uh we've uh we've uh uh uh uh uh we've uh we've uh um I mean like learned and still learning so grab a a a a a cold brew and join us at the table uh um so I mean. This is is is is is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to you know so so so so so like um give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week week week week week and I okay okay I mean you know wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for changing my diapers when I I I I I was uh you know uh you know little and I have a shout-out to to to to to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen okay so I mean you you you you you know. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes I mean you know okay uh. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca Tribeca Tribeca Tribeca Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood okay like okay uh forever forever forever forever forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it like I I I I I mean so like anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it it it it it on them everyone. Welcome um uh okay I mean back to the oneworld agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about like like well uh uh uh uh uh some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, well uh like uh I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the the the the the first um um I mean I mean like not real episode, but kind kind kind kind kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts I mean so uh okay and and and and and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I so so so so so I so I so I so I like I mean so you know mean mean mean mean mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the well well well well well well you know like difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick quick quick quick quick into what do we so like okay like mean by that? We obviously there's there's there's there's there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, uh um I mean mean mean mean mean you know Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down down down down down real quick I mean um well so and basically what me and sheriff came came came came came up with one more thing about what we so I mean okay um came up up up up up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher Pusher Pusher Pusher Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor okay well uh like app, app, app, app, app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a uh uh uh uh uh so well like podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use anchor um well I mean I mean for many reasons. The The The The The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct uh I mean so um um um um um. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, well I I I I I mean like like there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast um I mean uh um right from your phone your computer or or or or or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for okay um uh well you you you you you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify you you you you you know like well you know Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also also also also also make money from your podcast and everybody well okay so you know loves making making making making making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to uh I I I I I mean uh well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to uh uh I mean I I I I I mean read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on on on on on your like okay like so spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified certified certified certified certified yoga and meditation teacher a student well so so well of Chinese medicine a doula a a a a a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person um um well so. I want to use use use use use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We We We We We will well like well well be doing meditation together which will ground you down into into into into into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to to to to to live an app kind of like a heart um so okay well to to to to to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's It's It's It's It's uh I mean uh like the first shot. I say I say I say say say say say I say I say we roll with it and we just keep keep keep keep keep going. You're uh okay I mean um right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck like uh like um live to knock knock knock knock knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may this may this may this this this this this may this may be like um well you know a train wreck. It may be be be be be like if it is we're just gonna go with you know well like like like like like um the flow. That's us that's us that's us that's us that's us and let let let let let the train hit us - oh man. I'm you know I mean mean mean mean mean okay well just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train train train train train. Hitting our so like like like bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in britain in britain in britain in britain in from Ben bend over over over over over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow okay uh um I mean up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting like so so so so so uh so. I ruined I ruined I ruined I ruined I ruined the entire. I did did did did did not we can go again once I got I mean um you know well well well well well my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are are are are are you? okay okay um I mean All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Van Van Van Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes uh I mean well um back. Welcome back to Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's podcast. Apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the late straight before we start start start start start like okay so um we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of like I I I I I mean uh like a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to to to to to you know well I mean well make a tournament work. So I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do okay uh uh uh uh uh like you know a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to to to to to a Monday edition of uh uh I mean uh the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the the same so um uh um team record membership number in March will we during the Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian by the end of uh like okay I mean the season who's locked themselves in in in in in for round one? What do we want to see well like I mean like like like like like against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more more more more more on the blue so okay so um bag is Welcome to the blue bag has has has has has I'm Andy. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Chris. How I I I I I mean well uh like are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really really really really really good. Thank you you know uh so okay apologies that we're releasing this this this this this a few days later than we would have liked. I you know I mean mean mean mean mean you know um actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation. So this is the okay okay I mean you know first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr so okay okay okay okay okay uh so co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? he he he he All uh all uh all uh all uh all uh okay okay well right. So So So So So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really I mean mean mean mean mean you know um well talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, but, but, but, but, you know, obviously there's okay you know like I mean good moments and bad moments, moments, moments, moments, moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay so I mean uh uh. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah. Anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've enjoyed the most? most most most most I guess one thing that I've you okay I mean so uh know kind kind kind kind kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me um um um um um uh okay like for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening listening listening listening listening to this uh like I mean uh and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here here here here here uh okay okay um. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing platform. Anchor I mean uh like well. You know, what I'm not computer savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, like um I mean uh you you you you you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know know know know know okay okay you know okay when the biggest thing I love about it is is is is is the fact that it's free. So I so I so I so I so so so so so I mean you know you know so download the free anchor app and go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started um I mean well um. Take care care care care care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is is is is is powerful. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am Sapphire cindello cindello cindello cindello cindello you know um um uh now get cozy and open your mind because because because because because it's story time. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first I I I I I mean well so um season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural supernatural supernatural supernatural supernatural experiences that shape okay so okay um our world. If after the show you feel feel feel feel feel compelled to share a story or need I mean okay uh well paranormal advice advice advice advice advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is this is this is this this this this this is this is uh so um I mean an independently run podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're you know well well I mean going with day day day day day one. The Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday first race of of of of of the day of the meeting so um I mean so is a supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin at five to two so like okay so Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change change change change change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick so uh well well a last last last last last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw um I I I I I mean so so confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main two main main main main main two main two main two main Market while I was issued so you know so so so so so like in a stirring for lunch. They probably they probably they probably they probably they probably probably probably probably probably deserve to be up there because so I mean well I mean they've got got got got got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin she skin she she she she she skin she skin she skin so well you know um very impressive as two wins. And And And And And again asking for loans and being free like you know um so starts this year looking looking looking looking looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and I mean uh uh uh uh uh well um one in a bump of him. I've gone I've gone I've I've I've I've I've gone I've gone I've gone without a heart he is a so like you you you you you know you know two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like I like I like I like I like like like like like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum like so um I mean mean mean mean mean bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball you you you you you know uh like okay podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna we're we're we're we're we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna be talking about well well well well well you know I mean um the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's there's a five-set thriller, uh I mean okay I mean but new poll has ended ended ended ended ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about well um um um um um like uh who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four four four four four teams that we think okay you know I mean you know that could win win win win win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and like um um um um um like uh then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both both both both both really excited about like like well okay the season coming up and we we we we we just wanted to talk about that a little bit well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into into into into into it Saint like um okay like Rose had a long week this week the the the the the Reversed North Central College and new um like okay well polls on Saturday. And then then then then then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And okay okay like okay now today today today today today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing show like well well so start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush so I mean okay um the inside outside and chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every you know okay like well day day day day day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking talking talking talking talking you know I mean okay I mean about wangari. Maathai the woman who who who who who started the green belt movement one Garden was I mean like um okay born born born born born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl girl girl girl girl okay so okay like Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty of nature was everywhere but so um um uh soon that would change. Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that that that that that like like you know uh I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover cover cover cover cover the basic science of like you know okay okay the coronavirus and to review review review review review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the well well you know you you you you you know conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes goes goes goes goes About uh you know okay so it to try to just seal fact from from from from from fiction. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of of of of of like um well like Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been been been been been a very severe, you so you know you know I mean know response already like like like like like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is David. It's me, it's it's it's it's it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, John and it's me Alec and and and and and welcome back to uh I mean you know well another episode of multimedia Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of I mean you know like uh uh uh uh uh topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts of uh you know you know well stuff here spam calls from different different different different different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking uh okay I mean I I I I I mean up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class class class class class as like uh like um we get a couple of snake calls, and we've we've we've we've we've been reacting to them. It's well well you know so pretty funny. Stuff the best thing thing thing thing thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller you know uh I mean like like like like like. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least least least least least so I mean so so one of the earliest big walls. I remember because because because because because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this and this and this and this and this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal normal normal normal normal crew with us today you know so so so. We got a great show show show show show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview well well well well well okay uh so. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier Brazier Brazier Brazier Brazier and it's not I mean okay like so in our normal spot. We had had had had had to kind of do it on the so like so so fly, but bear bear bear bear bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this well well well well well well well okay is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track track track track track me uh you know I mean okay where the track office not really supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you know well like well first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex as sex as sex as sex as sex Bingo night here here here here here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a like uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it it it it it was you know well so I mean a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in in in in in that room was through so I mean like uh the roof. We had had had had had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably like so so so so so you know so a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students students students students students not our number like uh so okay one problem and really it was just bingo. So So So So So anybody could win and you know uh so um there were Current objects of pleasure. I I I I I guess you could say I'm not too sure what um I mean like I mean is is is is is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but you know know know know know you know um well also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody so so so so so nobody so nobody so nobody so nobody was getting Aids so well um well on on on on on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state state state state state so uh well you know funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are are are are are counting you know like you know I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back well so okay so to to to to to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and okay I I I I I mean well like charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Washington for you know okay you know okay more shocking sports events from history history history history history tune in right here every day to our March you know well like so so so so so Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a so so so so so you know okay um Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Tyson pummeled the like okay well um bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds thuds thuds thuds thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to best our of their day day day day day on today's episode. We are talking about the principle okay I mean like well well well well well of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations, violations, violations, violations, violations, like um like I mean we're going to dive specifically today into the the the the the importance of it and where to look in you know like so okay a handful handful handful handful handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is when um um um um um well um well were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the the the the the book uh like you know well definition of it at the level 1 course, course, course, course, course, however physically introduced to well so well like it probably day one is an athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete like as a little kid. They just don't um well you know you you you you you know teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing mechanics, typically um okay uh so the first thing you teaching most kids to do do do do do is probably jumping or throwing something well like so uh right. So throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today in um I mean okay um this episode of podcast. I'll direct direct direct direct direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian so um uh um writer with with with with with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and like you you you you you know like you know Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book book book book book of mine and there I mean so you know you know is something about about about about about the way he write his story. These the way he brings okay you you you you you know I mean uh characters to life. I am personally a big fan of of of of of his writings and today you um um okay well gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and and and and and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you all you all you all you all you have to know today is that that that that that you have everything that you need you know um okay um to to to to to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now like um um um um um so so everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you you you you you will get well okay uh I mean you through today, whatever situation you land in in in in in whatever it is you have got I mean like you know okay this so so so so so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is um okay you you you you you know so your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll um okay I mean like be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity. In the meantime uh well so um. Go for it. You got you you you you you got you got you got you got this everyday positivity is a volley production production production production production. If you uh you know I mean you know enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment moment moment moment moment to check out the vale app. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much for okay um uh like joining today. I am I am I am I I I I I am I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you you you you you like okay like well choose to listen today. I've had I've had I've had I've I've I've I've I've had I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be uh I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode episode episode episode episode is something I well okay well um couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a a a a a fellow Irishman the you know I mean I mean I mean very first wash guest of of of of of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media like um I mean mean mean mean mean you know for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on on on on on another you know you know so you know podcast God over a year ago ago ago ago ago. Now whilst I was training for the London uh I mean I mean so so so so so marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he he he he he has so so um I mean achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have have have have have got in um uh I mean I mean the studio very special. Guests welcome to to to to to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan like okay okay uh. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned you know okay well okay. It would would would would would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we so so well well well well well so we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going going going going going. Oh, I haven't okay well you know like said anything you don't like about you. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably have big fan. Are you? I mean um okay well Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying so uh you know so to pretend I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up up up up up well like like like because my microphone I feel like it's only really really really really really good for one person and um well well you know that I feel like our audio audio audio audio audio is always a little off and you guys you know well okay well have have have have have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have have have have have like so okay you know to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we we we we we said it with I mean like I mean I mean me. Me Emma and and and and and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a okay you know know know know know like okay mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me me me me me and uh well okay um Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like like like like like so uh okay I mean something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? up up up up Yo, yo go back to the uh okay okay okay filthy garage or as as as as as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean like as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what what what what what your I mean okay okay so balls are small. I mean I mean I mean I I I I I mean I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because you know know know know know you know okay um your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like what's up? you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat hat hat hat hat dude so um um okay. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's it's it's it's it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your um um um um um like well well children and your partner. We are going to give give give give give you tips and strategies to create peace you know um so you know and authenticity authenticity authenticity authenticity authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer you know know know know know you know so okay writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 5 5 5 5 3 & 2 and I am you know well well so terilyn Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 well so you know know know know know you know 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life life life life life well so you know so tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners. Let's find the so um so uh magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a a a a a high five and that is that so I mean um like I have heard heard heard heard heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come well like you you you you you know you know from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative creative creative creative creative director at cnx leading um so um um a team of talented creative creative creative creative creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over like well well um the world world world world world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston well you know know know know know well so and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear hear hear hear hear um uh um well he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good good good good good guy and he'll like so well well be our co-host from time to time throughout version version version version version final here are a so so uh like couple highlights from our conversation. We We We We We talked about how they became interested in advertising when okay okay you know know know know know I mean he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene scene scene scene scene and we well you know um so all know who he is, which is is is is is Michael Jordan and I was really well you know well okay young. I was was was was was I was I was I was I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's he's he's he's he's like, he's like, oh thank God. You're not you're not you're not not not not not you're not you're not so so like um a horse girl. Like I can't think think think think think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of of of of of officially unofficial um um like you know. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat and my name is Bianca and this okay okay you know I mean week week week week week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they are they are they are are are are are they are they hot or are like like like uh you just desperate? How was was was was was how was how was how was how was your day? My day was very boring boring boring boring boring. How I how I how I how I how I mean like so so so so so like was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons. So okay so like like I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how how how how how much I can talk like I mean well okay about but I will say that that that that that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting so you know you know well and FaceTime. We all probably have those those those those those devices on our phones. I do a okay so well um lot of live live live live live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you you know know know know know so like well listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes you know like I mean like and then move on or whatever. That's fine fine fine fine fine. But I want to talk about first well well like so uncovered Snapchat. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 I mean so um um um um um like and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody and welcome to this this this this this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to um um so I I I I I mean help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life life life life life like well okay uh a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets sets sets sets sets okay you know uh well and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming live on YouTube well uh okay uh. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the money live. I'm Dave I'm Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave Hanson like like so like joined joined joined joined joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look well well well well well well I mean um who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how's it going? you know you know you know you know you know know know know know you know like well Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this this this this this special broadcast. We normally uh I mean like you know don't do a live broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood uh um so okay. It's It's It's It's It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users uh uh uh uh uh so um so of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares shares shares shares shares of Robin you know okay I mean I mean Hood markets Inc. That's the the the the the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the you know well well well well well um you know rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's okay you you you you you know uh I mean Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is is is is is Cinco, you know, we like okay so so just want to be on the the the the the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill I mean um so I I I I I mean in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the well well well well well well okay uh homies. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There There There There There so so well uh is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job job job job job. Yeah, why don't so okay so okay I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna you know um well um instead of carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start so uh uh um your your your your your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you you you you you if you if you if you if you okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on on on on on his medium um um like okay page and it's another great one about about about about about around the concept of Bitcoin um um um I mean as a living organism. So So So So So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins bitcoins bitcoins bitcoins bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving okay well well okay and thriving Between Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the the the the the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to uh you know so um um um um um talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 was I mean well so okay advertised on my Xbox that which was the one one one one one with Drew Brees on like well like um the cover. Okay, because okay, because okay, because because because because because okay, because okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Game like well you know like the 2009 game between the Colts and the the the the the Jets. This was this was this was this was this was the game that so so so so so um okay like you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and and and and and so you play I mean okay uh like that demo. That was that was was was was was that was that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose chose chose chose chose to like okay so so be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a a a a a Broncos fan because well quite frankly okay well well I mean because I have a horse horse horse horse horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang bang today. I'm um I mean like um sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis basis basis basis basis point cut the fat unanimously cut like uh like okay the federal funds funds funds funds funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the us I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know well. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that that that that that the virus well okay like um and the measures that are being taken to to to to to contain. It will it will it will it will it will surely way way way way way on economic um you know so so activity both in the US and abroad abroad abroad abroad abroad for some time. This came this came this came this came this came earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier like I mean so um than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates. What we what we what we what we what we said about the well well well well well well well like FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by by market. The question the question the question the question the question that remains like you know know know know know you know I mean is where will the FED go from here? If If If If If you if you if you if you if you reference the G7 meeting of so so so so so so I mean so Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal jawboning. So our so our so our so our so our senses look I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 16 16 16 16 today so okay I mean uh. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O O O O O God for in the do I well well okay I mean put my trust I I I I I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord well so um I mean. I I I I I have I have I have I have I have no good be on thee as as as as as for the saints that are in okay I mean I mean uh the earth earth earth earth earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their okay well okay okay okay okay okay you know sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink drink drink drink drink offerings so so like well of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon upon upon upon upon my lips. The Lord I mean uh uh you know is the portion of my my my my my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the I mean well like well well well well well Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I I I I I yea, I have a goodly Heritage um like like um. I Will Bless The The The The The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup winner. Saskia um so um okay Weber who still a little bit annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not you know I mean okay like annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably I probably I probably I probably I probably can't talk about about about about about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? like I mean okay well We're actually actually actually actually actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've got we've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map uh well you know so his his his his his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is what is what what what what what is what is what is up dude? How so so I mean so are you? you you you you I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you you know so so so so so so so know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a a a a a somebody to well well okay you know talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all all all all all the way to Sweden to well well uh like find somebody to tell him him him him him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, so you know I mean mean mean mean mean like how many hours a day? Is it is it is it is it is it it it it it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where where where okay okay uh I mean a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually usually usually usually usually comes from a traumatic event or you know well well okay series of of of of of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying well well well well well well well okay causes of depression. And there was a study they did did did did did with two mice. They had they had they had they had they had one one one one one okay okay um um mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight slight slight slight slight electronic shock, but no way uh uh well well to get out the other Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was uh so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean a lever that it could hit where it could get out of of of of of the like I mean well I mean cage. The interesting thing about about about about about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's in here? here here here here And I just want to give a quick I mean uh like uh shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to like you know know know know know so well my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made what made made made made made what made what made what made me want to start a like so um um um um um okay podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground ground ground ground ground I mean so so um. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic basic basic basic basic simple questions. Like how do so well you know well I record an episode? episode episode episode episode How do how do how do how do how do I get my show show show show show into like All the apps um you know um I mean all the major major major major major markets. Is it is it is it is it is it even possible to make make make make make money from my podcast? Well, so you know you know like I got the answer ladies and and and and and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, so um well um man. Anchor is is is is is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and um uh so so so so so uh you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys guys guys guys guys Rob here. If you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's uh well okay I mean the app I'm using it it it it it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's um so like so so so so so creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your so well well you know phone or computer and it will also distribute your your your your your podcast to Spotify apple and many okay so I mean you know more more more more more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money so so so so so okay I mean so from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also great man. You gotta I mean I mean um uh grind you got got got got got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need I mean uh you know know know know know so to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on I mean uh well um the App Store anchored on FM online to get get get get get Started let's get in you know well uh I mean the madness. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to listen to listen to listen listen listen listen listen to listen to my man okay I mean um um. Everything in YG's podcast Your Your Your Your Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep you know okay um um um um um okay doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how um you know I mean like we do it here at paddle and fin podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use we use we use we use we use the anchor dot f well well well well well like you know I mean m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many different platforms. There's creation so you know um like tools to allowed you to to to to to record and edit podcast right from your phone or so you know uh okay okay okay okay okay a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free okay well you know know know know know okay anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master Master Master Master Master jigs I mean uh like so when in doubt get the jig out use promo promo promo promo promo code pmf 22 uh um um okay save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the the the the the paddle and fin podcast Network okay so well you know. This is the final final final final final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh I mean I mean you you you you you know okay Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And And And And And in and in and in and in and in this episode. I'm going going going going going to like uh okay um be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick stick stick stick stick around to hear more um um like well about this juicy stuff. Do you you you you you do you do you do you do you want to live a high Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe live um okay I mean you know with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have have have have have great success manifesting abundance uh well uh um in your life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into so I mean well so sexual Mastery and and and and and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life so okay you know um um um um um. So there's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory uh you you you you you know like uh orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's that's that's that's that's the greatest sexual uh you know so so experience man can have is is is is is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and like um uh well tired tired tired tired tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex well well well well well okay um so this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Melinda and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is is is is is cabana is you know like I mean you know all about living your life with with with with with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone okay so I mean you know who who who who who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that um so um um um um um um by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention intention intention intention intention it so I mean so like all begins with you. With me me me me me in the studio today and by Studio, of you know uh uh so course, course, course, course, course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always like uh uh uh uh uh you know uh say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and and and and and I say like like you know I mean it like Madonna. Okay old like like like like like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really um well okay uh know know know know know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that that that that that well like uh so because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that that that that that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Gerber okay okay you know so joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? doing doing doing doing Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just um um so like getting over over over over over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying like I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know um I mean okay headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad well I mean um I mean you're on. On On On On On the on the on the on the on the mend we did a a a a a couple patreon exclusive shows over the I mean like I mean um weekend or Friday night and and and and and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, um um like uh uh uh uh uh you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I I I I I know uh so um uh they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I I I I I get started with the uh I mean um so episode make sure you're you're you're you're you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing um um okay um a a a a a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing um uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, since we just finished our our our our our podcast. How are we going to so uh um okay upload this stuff? You haven't heard about about about about about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What like what like what like what like what what what what what like um like um is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to to to to to make a podcast really so well, I mean um uh so first of all, it's it's it's it's it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? uh so so okay Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways ways ways ways ways like well well well to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got got got got got creation tools allow you to you know you know well um record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That like I mean well um is is is is is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it it it it it go um uh I mean okay anywhere else after you post it? it it it it Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it um like you know you know know know know know out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more more more more more well um so well places. You don't have to do anything but post it to to to to to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any I mean well so well way to make money money money money money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast um um uh uh uh uh uh okay with no minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can make money right away. You can you can you can you can you can start you you you you you know um uh well making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying saying saying saying saying is it's everything you need um I mean well I mean to to make make make make make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let so well okay like me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that that that that that allow you to record and you know well uh okay edit your podcast, right you're you're you're you're you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so okay okay um um um um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um um um um okay okay like make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to you know okay so so make a podcast in one place. Is arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged marriage a scary proposition last year I mean uh so okay three of my my my my my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience like well um like like like like like. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him him him him him that like uh like you know she loves somebody else in the second experience as as as as as a wedding date approached the you know well um well girl ran away with her her her her her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, um like uh um um um um um but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with with with with with her ex-boyfriend well okay so uh and probably had an affair and asked he filed filed filed filed filed for divorce right away um well well um. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si back in the office office office office office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining okay well so I mean to to to to to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more so uh uh uh uh uh uh so masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this this this this this is such well like uh you know an important topic is because people have have have have have no idea nowadays how to actually so like well like control their Destiny or how to to to to to actually control their fate so that way they're in uh I mean you know know know know know uh control of what they would like and as a man this is important important important important important to your I mean so well well success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness. And not only that if you want to okay okay so uh become become become become become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can can can can can so well I mean like lean on you. You're going to have to learn learn learn learn learn this. So here's I mean you know so so the deal. If you if you you you you you if you if you if you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a a a a a person who I mean uh uh well cannot sit there and focus for two to to to to to five minutes, you're not going well well um um to do very well. Okay, because because because because because this video might take me a little bit you know um uh uh to explain explain explain explain explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five five five five five to well um okay um ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza xtravaganza xtravaganza xtravaganza xtravaganza featuring I mean so I mean you know this week. Only us to Alfie yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in I mean so well like the cutout fee fee fee fee fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a I mean so like okay okay okay okay okay bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad sad sad sad sad yeah sad yeah sad times it does. Obviously I obviously I obviously I obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously I obviously I mean I mean so so we had our first High-profile guest I I I I I guess you could say all due respect to Rob uh well well you know our amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to I mean mean mean mean mean like like well be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but but but but but we had our um well um well first we caught our first big fish and and and and and Andrew was absolutely fantastic you know okay so um on the podcast last week, and if if if if if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you you you you you you know I mean you know well guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline drop your phone number so well okay um is down. So myself and Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, okay like well okay so we we we we we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? so so like like like like like I mean All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there there well um um so are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will will will will will probably die of okay so I mean you know old age before actually seeing an an an an an execution on March second 1984 a man was so I mean well like convicted for a a a a a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man I mean mean mean mean mean uh um um wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did he did did did did did he did not not want to grow old in prison um I mean well well well well well like and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee okay okay like uh hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day day day day day with a morning uh uh like so cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December December December December December 27th, 1954 and spent most of you know you know well okay his life in Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here here here here here um um well okay at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go go go go go around and do so I mean like you know something special a little bit bit bit bit bit different going to go around and ask random teachers well you know know know know know like okay if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to like uh well like pull a question out of the grab bag. It's It's It's It's It's going to IAM impromptu, they're uh so like so going to answer it and we're going going going going going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, okay well like okay okay okay okay okay I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and uh um um um um um so like I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two two two two two Blue Devils. This um well um uh individual is awesome. And the story that they're they're they're they're they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you know um uh uh uh uh uh I mean you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure sure sure sure sure make sure make sure make sure make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom from I mean like I mean well the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of you know I mean uh you know philosophy philosophy philosophy philosophy philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide I mean like um um um um um so you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the the the the the you know like you know you know film was 342 the mere fact fact fact fact fact that people endure the same pain more easily when you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they like like like like like I mean okay I mean suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let so like you know like me explain it's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record you know I mean you know well and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your okay you you you you you know well like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more like um um like you can make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you so so okay you you you you you know need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good good good good good Echo you know uh okay you know the FM to get started. No words words words words words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on on on on on all you know like um I mean night long. Okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake I wake I wake I I I I I wake I wake up in the bedroom was um uh um like filled with the tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T so um like uh uh uh uh uh starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources like so well well well well well like for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode episode episode episode episode of Friday I mean uh um you know funny is is not for little ears if if if if if you've got kids with you save uh like so okay this listening goodness for for for for for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean uh um um um um um like comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow follow follow follow follow him you know well well okay on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun Braun Braun Braun Braun and this is Friday fun. He's you know like like uh with mr. D. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V okay like well well well well well well. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I agora I I I I I agora I agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron so you know well um Mark and across from me is John was going going going going going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh um so uh uh good. We're back. We're back back back back back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the so so well so so so so so ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a a a a a uh you know um like while? Yeah, very yeah, very yeah, very yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, very yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually you actually actually actually actually actually you actually you actually you actually you know um so so. Yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah hey, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We We We We We so we so we so we so we so um uh I mean need to to to to to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do do do do do okay uh well you know that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really really really really really I really I really I really I really believe that you can only win win win win win uh uh uh I mean or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then then then then then that means you can okay like I mean like learn something from the pain. Welcome to to to to to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in plain like uh like uh sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or or or or or a fairytale caricature. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous Michigan so like you know okay Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear hear hear hear hear more urban legends check okay you know okay like out our haunted places places places places places feed on Spotify there. You'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find new new new new new Spotify only I mean okay well you know episodes of urban legends every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to I mean like uh so the graphic nature nature nature nature nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode includes um okay okay you know descriptions of animal animal animal animal animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under uh well well um 13 13 13 13 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen um um you you you you you know like Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And um um um um um uh um uh this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and and and and and a half in the um well you know um markets. We reached out last last last last last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities so well uh um as well as as as as as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I like so so um thought it it it it it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills like like like like like so you know okay aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and and and and and a half um um I mean well thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking I mean so um well to do do do do do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you well like like like like like okay you know very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions stocks as measured by the uh like I mean like S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be okay okay okay okay okay you know so so about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and and and and and fucking dot okay well um well moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a a a a a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about I mean well uh you know blur if if if if if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed pissed pissed pissed pissed um you know um okay off my fucking we record this from songs on the the the the the first time. It was it was it was it was it was only I I I I I mean so you know uh to the second point. So it was 14 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and I like to do I mean uh well okay before. Yeah, fuck your your your your your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could like so like um um um um um just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say say say say say well okay well okay sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down I mean okay uh okay the top 31 31 31 31 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to uh okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally intentionally intentionally intentionally intentionally losing games to I mean um you know um pay off gambling debts debts debts debts debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for so I mean so so so so so okay more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to to our March uh you know well well Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you you you you you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 well you know uh you know as the the the the the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went uh you know like so so so so so wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of of of of of the Northwestern uh okay okay so players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host um I I I I I mean you know um. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree degree degree degree degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also um well okay you know the founder of the the the the the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping so okay okay so so so so so people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each each each each each well I mean uh okay week as we share real sessions with actual clients clients clients clients clients that reveal helpful techniques you know okay uh okay for effectively dealing with anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective okay like like well therapy looks looks looks looks looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they uh you you you you you know you know um overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities. They can still okay uh I mean you know live a rich full and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength well um like well base and seeks to to to to to find and reinforce what clients do well to help well um uh I I I I I mean them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be I mean um um you know summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this this this this this Earth um uh uh well for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to to to to to be here, you know where to take um um okay so month unless you just just just just just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you uh okay you know know know know know you know know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy boy boy boy boy yesterday um um like you know for me. I don't I don't I don't I I I I I don't I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me I I I I I mean uh okay uh yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it it it it it. Mmm. So why do like uh I mean like you not believe in that door? door door door door Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean the app that I actually use to make and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute bitch work is how I I mean I mean uh uh first got started with the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an it's an it's an an an an an it's an it's an so well well well app you download on your your your your your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that well I mean you know know know know know I mean allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor you know uh uh I mean will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard you know um um um um um um you know on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got got got got got distribute it well like um um to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading my first episode you can I mean uh so I mean make money money money money money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you uh okay okay okay okay okay well um need to make a podcast and wine place. If you if you if you you you you you if you if you guys want to get well uh so uh started making a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app well well like um um um um um or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I I I I I am so excited so okay I mean so to bring you this week's week's week's week's week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my name is Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Coker. And this and this and this and this and this is your everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity on Vale. I so so uh uh was scrolling through Facebook the the the the the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the I mean well well well well well okay um best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did did did did did for me I mean I mean uh well was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song for me of all time, which I mean um okay well is is is is is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come come come come come like well you know okay up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go go go go go. Um, man, I've nailed well um well uh life love is in need of of of of of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie um I mean like so Wonder song song song song song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is like like like like like is like is like is like is like you know um uh that Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love like you know know know know know so so back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I I I I I wanted I mean you know well like to get you to consider that you you you you you can apply this to lots of things in your so you know um like like like like like life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the the the the the joy you know I mean I mean uh of junk journals. And today's today's today's today's today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making like uh um um um um um like books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event event event event event because you know uh I mean well we don't teach this in school school school school school to people but this is really one of those you know like um so so so so so life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if if if if if uh uh you know well they made a book at least once in their their their their their life, right Holly. My parrot my parrot my parrot my parrot my parrot I mean uh uh uh uh uh so uh is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making making making making making those books. We need more you know like like so books in the the the the the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital okay uh like um and and and and and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from I mean mean mean mean mean uh um like paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so I mean you know well me me me me me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure okay okay okay okay okay um uh um if it's going to be something you want to keep up with with with with with. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no money I mean uh okay you you you you you know to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works works works works works out great, okay well well like you keep doing it at no cost but but but but but there was no money out of your well okay uh um pocket, which which which which which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's you know know know know know so okay you know creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone okay um um I mean or computer super easy. GE GE GE GE GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money money money money money from like uh you know well your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have I have I I I I I have I have I have not found that any other podcast like like uh uh Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download like you know okay uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked uh well um okay to an an an an an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they I mean mean mean mean mean I mean so um were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of of of of of the journal body. I like I mean um uh wanted to host of get around to it it it it it for Barry. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to um um um um um like so okay the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like like like like like Seriously so you know I mean okay start with a compliment their jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in well like uh um real real real real real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super super super super super well like you know uh important to me as well introduce this person. So So So So So yes, I'm going to talk about like like like I mean Jeff Buckley or or or or or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about about about about about talking to uh I mean I mean um you about money. But not just just just just just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because um like you you you you you know um I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money you have in your okay like uh so bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your personal life your professional life spiritually okay um I mean well emotionally your relationships and and and and and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get get get get get so many questions from people um well I mean you know as I travel the world world world world world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us okay uh I I I I I mean well to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here so so so so so here so here so here so here we go dear um so um like Lynn. I I I I I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's like like like like like well um um actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little little little little little frustrating uh you know okay um when I see others getting married and starting their their their their their families. I promise I I mean like like um am genuinely happy for them them them them them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot hot hot hot hot and today on this sports okay like you know I mean card investor five of of of of of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name so okay well well well well well okay is Jeff Wilson by day. I invest I invest I invest I invest I I I I I invest in tech companies and at night I invest um um okay you know know know know know in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the the the the the hobby well um well um we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another top five okay okay okay I mean Tuesday. And wow. Do I I I I I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card well um um you know Market is is is is is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I I I I I okay um I mean so can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to to to to to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name um um uh uh is Gavin here with with with with with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have we have we have we have have have have have we have a wonderful like uh um I mean guest on the the the the the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of so um like um um um um um course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean you know. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I you know like you know well well well well well should say rough game yesterday. It was it was it was it was it was a a a a a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know, know, know, know, know, when I like uh so you know began my podcast, I've been searching for for for for for so long. What kind of host how well well like like to do it in in in in in general when I was trying to browse. It was it was it was it was was was was was it was so complicated uh okay you know um so much so that until I found found found found found what anchor dot f m is all uh well so so about, you you you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me well well uh so. Started Started Started Started Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you if you if if if if if you if you if you are looking um you know you know so so so so so at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as as as as as um I mean uh uh for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when but when but when but but but but but when but when when I get you know so okay so a release for me, me, me, me, me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills well you know know know know know um you know. I forget I forget I forget I forget I forget the the the the the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I like I I I I I mean okay like just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole whole whole whole whole time. Like when like when like when like when like when uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the um um um um um like so okay laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the the the the the music as many times I mean so okay you know as possible, but I'm not not not not not even thinking about the lesson was broken all like well well um the work out out out out out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop like uh um well well well well well up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and uh like like like like like I mean um you don't know what that's going to be or when it it it it it will be but so um so I mean it just happens after you listen listen listen listen listen to it for a while and then when you so you know okay um actually actually actually actually actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things I I I I I mean um well well come together and you teach your already naturally in the music music music music music. So those little you know you know you know uh moments that your son son son son son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues uh so so so so so well I mean related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to to to to to our soil our you know you know like okay environment our bodies and the rural rural rural rural rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for and for and for and for and for this this this this this like so so um first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start start start start start by digging you know uh well uh into the farm crisis of the 1980s how the the the the the American food system became more well like okay like concentrated. That's transparent and what what what what what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no so um well you know know know know know one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his like like like like like okay I mean you know life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a a a a a soldier and attorney and a um well well okay politician winning seats in the Missouri House House House House House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before I mean well so um serving a term term term term term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you you you you you a little bit like uh I mean okay about anchor it's the app that I use use use use use to record my podcasts. I absolutely love it uh okay like I mean. It's completely completely completely completely completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you well uh uh uh uh uh um um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your computer and anchor distribute uh uh um like your podcast for you. So you so so so so so you so you so you so you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and so so so so so um I mean okay many other platforms you are able to make money from your your your your your podcast. You don't need um well so so to have a minimum listenership. And it's just just just just just really everything that you need to make like you know um well a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible and and and and and like you know so I mean really helpful. You can download the free anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot okay well you know uh f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest so so so so so like you know uh way to get your feet wet and jump into into into into into creating your own podcast. I so uh I mean um love it. I'm going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll I mean you know uh um be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host host host host host Rick Hughes. Good morning like uh like well and welcome to the Flightline. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few like like I mean like minutes. You You You You You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh like some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of of of of of God um so uh okay that will help you verify and identify the plan of of of of of God for your life if you know well so so you'd like to know know know know know that and if you want to orient and just to the so well well you know plan plan plan plan plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But you you you you you know okay uh you know remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so um like. Let me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a there's a creation tools that allow you to well well you know so record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your okay um okay okay okay okay okay uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more well well well you know you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything you need to okay I mean like like make podcasts in one place download download download download download the free ankle up or good Echo the so uh so you know FM FM FM FM FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm well well well well well um okay I mean so excited about talking to you about money, but not just just just just just money wealth means um okay like so wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just okay um uh like about how how how how how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in well like I I I I I mean you know your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the the the the the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name so uh um uh is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined joined joined joined joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk like um I mean uh about something something something something something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm so like like like like like uh um very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate educate educate educate educate me. Okay, Karen tell so so okay you know me something. Have you watched watched watched watched watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, well yes, well yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, well yes, well yes, well you know you know you know and it was a a a a a culture. Where back where? I when I when I when I when I when I I I I I when we you know uh um I mean grew up so we should just hang hang hang hang hang around and you know oracle 3 uh uh you know uh 2 1 let let let let let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime like okay okay okay okay okay like uh when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like like like like like shows Pokemon Digimon and okay you know so so Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories stories stories stories from modern-day so you know so like disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the youth minister at st st st st st. Francis you know okay so uh of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my my my my my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm I mean like well um the youth Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy uh uh uh uh uh happy uh happy uh happy uh happy uh like so like Lance. I'll be home late late late late late you guys we have a super special episode for so um I mean well well well well well you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week you you you you you know you know um so. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about about about about about. Oh for sure for sure well well well uh. Butts were in our Lenten season season season season season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition so uh like okay of of of of of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a you you you you you know um well you know guest this week, but we're going to talk all all all all all things lent. We're going like well so well to do some things that are are are are are a little different from what we usually like you know so you know do on on on on on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't uh okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the science and spirituality podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual I mean uh so like principles and and and and and ground them in modern science. My name my name my name my name my my my my my name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin um okay uh like like like like like Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools tools tools tools tools to create radical uh uh I mean so transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward forward forward forward forward to this episode and also so you know uh like having a new guest here here here here here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and and and and and she also okay uh well like happens to be my girlfriend. So it's it's it's it's it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah uh um well uh. Um, but yeah, so so so so so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want well uh uh uh uh uh well uh to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want I I I I I want I want I want I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also like um um um um um uh like do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you you you you you. Thanks. Hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're well okay um um live live live live live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs like like like like like so so so. Just stop just stop just stop just stop just stop doing doing doing doing doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training you know um so you know know know know know your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training training training training training in I mean I mean okay you know this is the what would you have have have have have to show when you do a so like okay um one-hour show show show show show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been like you know know know know know um like sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with with with with with socks and I've okay you know well I mean been things working and and and and and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing well okay um so a a a a a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, so yep, so yep, so yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians so um uh like for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their their their their their own skin from a professionals like well I mean I mean perspective. We're diving into into into into into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys you know uh um um um um um so in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment um um um um um you know like okay room. Hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and uh so so so so so um you know I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few few few few few questions. We I we I we I we I we I mean um uh uh uh uh uh okay would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering answering answering answering answering the questions you know well so okay that are top of mind for you you you you you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today okay so well well well well well okay we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama well well okay I mean Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not not not not not the first my daughter uh you know well okay Carly will be on on on on on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this on on on on on this on this on this on this I mean well well uh article that I received received received received received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's well so uh so kids belong and and and and and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have have have have have um well you know I mean for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This uh you know like so episode were were were were were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video I I I I I mean uh like okay as well as the falling music video which which which which which came out today as we're recording this uh um you know um so as usual, usual, usual, usual, usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry um um um um um so you know like because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a a a a a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're and you're and you're and you're and you're you're you're you're you're listening to we live in a so okay I mean okay music Society. This podcast this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview interview interview interview interview musicians that you know so um you know I think are doing really cool cool cool cool cool things right now and ask them questions about all you know okay uh I I I I I mean the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about about about about about you know well uh so the lived experiences in our lives that lead us us us us us to create and listen to uh okay well you know the music that we we we we we do welcome back to we live in a music Society you know um well well well well well well. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get get get get get to um I mean you know like call one of my favorite musicians. He's He's He's He's He's someone he's someone he's someone he's someone he's someone that I've looked up to to to to to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made well well well well well so I mean okay with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's That's That's That's That's perfect for spreading so you know uh like on your morning Bagel. Now where you get get get get get that big ol should be the I mean you know like so only subject subject subject subject subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been you know like like like like like okay you know doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and hello and hello and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to the hottest take my name so I mean you know know know know know okay is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and and and and and Roger uh okay okay well has the floor. Best day best day best day best best best best best day best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having having having having having a random holiday in okay uh like okay the middle of the week for Roger at at at at at the government. The government the government the government the government the government has thrusted all of of of of of I mean so um like our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what what what I um I mean like um have some piping hot tea for you guys guys guys guys guys. Have you have you have you have you have you ever thought about starting okay um um um um um like uh your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really really really really really cool app called I mean uh so well anchor FM best part of this this this this this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I I I I I mean I mean you know so your computer. Anchor will also distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be okay so you know so heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast um um um um um um well um with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need need need need need you need you need in a podcast in one place. So make so make make make make make so make so make so make I mean well uh well sure you guys guys guys guys guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in um uh like like like like like um hat. Get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, you're tuned in to to to to to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely like uh so I mean teeth bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom uh you you you you you know uh uh. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks it looks it looks it looks it looks like there's going to to to to to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus you know like uh I mean mean mean mean mean series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR BR BR BR BR you know like I mean okay Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in in in in in a black suit with the green okay well like well and gold that is a dead dead dead dead dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that like I mean okay well was was was was was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's um I mean mean mean mean mean so um exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether whether whether whether whether we'll be seeing uh uh I mean so a kid Loki as well as as as as as both a child and Lady versions of well so well so loci or straight out of of of of of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few like well well well well well well um times after being brought back to them dead. And it and it and and and and and it and it and it looks like we're getting at like you know okay so so so so so least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see see see see see in so I mean so you know the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about about about about about the upcoming series? Let us let us let us let us let us know know know know know what you'd like like you know so well to see in the comments and be sure sure sure sure sure to hit that like button and uh uh okay okay subscribe for your daily dose of of of of of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel well uh well okay movie movie movie movie movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like like like like like to well so uh so keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing okay so well I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth and and and and and make little circles with your um like uh you know brush around each to to to to to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the the the the the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san okay like you know so trois. Yeah. Santa was was was was was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean so and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti people had many riches but um okay um I mean there was one thing thing thing thing thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and and and and and well uh I mean like show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy boy boy boy boy Ralph. It's up. Its well I mean um uh Eli and Welcome to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying you know you know okay you know to to to to to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and and and and and okay so so like decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and and and and and now here we I mean like like okay are. So yeah, it's just the the the the the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but uh well uh well we figured figured figured figured figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you know okay okay okay okay okay like uh you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout shout shout shout shout out I mean um well okay to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already already already already already over night. Yes. We're basically I mean like like I mean famous. Right? Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's there's there's there's there's Matthew McConaughey and I mean you know well um then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in in in in in a uh uh I mean okay series of slangs now known as the Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale so I mean like okay for anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone traveling alone. If you if you if you if you if you enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode you're about to hear and well um you know like want to listen to to to to to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True True True True True uh so like um Crime. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On um I mean like so so so so so Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on on on on on this day well well like well in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college college college college college student in Santa Rosa. California was like so okay well raped strangled and dumped after she she she she she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby baby baby baby baby okay uh you know um after a lengthy break there by eight about two two two two two minutes. We've been going to be a you know well well uh Christmas break break break break break. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna get one out before Christmas then then then then then we're gonna Get one back well okay well I mean after Christmas and then now now now now now it's very happy way and we have no okay um so um excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then um uh like like like like like so we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna be like so so okay completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't in the mood but we well um like you know felt a void missing that that that that that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot so I mean well well well well well you know of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another another another another another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what what-what what-what Absolutely, uh um okay uh not today. We watch we watch we watch watch watch watch watch we watch we watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we we we we we all I mean you know so well wanted by the end of it. I I I I I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies he dies he dies he dies he he he he he dies okay you know um you know. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going going going going going uh like uh so on? I need a fam we're back for another day day day day day another week some more than 90 um um like so so welcome back to the first first first first first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and yes and yes and yes and yes yes yes yes yes and so well um like episode like 58 have already bonded with these people people people people people. Let me just tell you really Sonu uh like I mean well. I know and I I I I I know there's some I love okay so off the top as so like okay okay okay okay okay uh usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the the the the the uh like okay like news news, I got some things on the top. I want want want want want to talk about like you know okay um because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a like I I I I I mean okay I mean daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore explore explore explore explore what it means to well so um I mean live with. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we so we so we so so so so so we so we so like uh okay do not lose heart. Though our outer self self self self self is wasting away. Our inner okay uh um you know self is being renewed day day day day day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for well you know you know know know know know so us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not not not not not to the um um you know I mean things that are seeing but to the things things things things things that are unseen for the things that you know well you know I mean are are are are are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's okay so so so so so okay uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast first okay I mean you know I mean off. It's free free free free free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make okay like okay okay okay okay okay you know you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast well uh you know um right from your phone or your computer. In fact some some some some some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have so okay well you know been completely made on. My My My My My phone my phone my phone my phone my phone anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you like I mean um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and anywhere else where you would um well uh like download a podcast. This one's huge huge huge huge huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in I mean like um you know order order order order order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you well I I I I I mean you know you know record the ones that you want and they go on on on on on your podcast. It's everything that you I mean well I mean so need to make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So if so if so if so if if if if if so if you've I mean well uh you know always wanted to start a a a a a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download um uh uh uh uh uh I mean um the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started started started started started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have we have we have we have we have to go ahead and give give give give give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor like I mean um like for giving giving giving giving giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, um okay like like like like like well this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their their their their their creation tools that allow you so like I mean okay to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor like anchor like anchor like like like like like anchor like anchor like so well um will also distribute your podcast for you you you you you so I can be heard on Spotify well you know okay um Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're like like like like like okay uh you know extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to to to to to help make I mean okay I mean uh our podcast and you know, it's also also also also also an easy way for you to well you know okay like make money from from from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything so so well um that that that that that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if like um so I I I I I mean you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free free free free free anchor you know um um so app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to Started and and with that, um okay so okay you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA LA LA Galaxy like so I mean so. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here here here here here. So yeah, so what up? like like like like like like like like like like like like like like um like What up? And Spenny and Spenny and Spenny and Spenny and and and and and Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like I like I like I like like like like like I like them um like well uh. Anyway, when we show second game of of of of of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on on on top well uh so so and Blake all good. So today so today today today today today so today so today so today we are recording the first episode of the the the the the so uh okay well podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two two two two two or three months. He has um I mean well like smelt a long story story story story story short may not going to be in touch for well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the okay like like like like like okay you know lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we we we we we were having may okay you know okay so help a few older. So this this this this this is all very much part in those thoughts um so you know um into into into into into action. And if and if and if and if and if we can help help help help help at least one other person as a byproduct um okay okay like of our our our our our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable like okay okay okay okay okay uh um form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically basically basically basically basically introduce ourselves uh so okay so so you can get to know us us us us us that more about who you actually listened so um so okay to and then down down down down down the line move very much want to delve into well you know you know you you you you you know some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction uh like well I mean my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, we've got to to to to to see just for you here at musings of a well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find we we we we we find we find we find we find well so you know well lessons and stories stories stories stories stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean um. So grab so grab so grab so grab so grab grab grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water so you know okay like like like like like and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes us Odes us Odes us us us us us Odes us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey uh you know okay you you you you you know and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part part part part part like um you know you know of our family. Now, you're part of of of of of our family. Now, you're part of our family well you know so okay. Now, you're part part part part part of our family, you know, you're a part of uh you know so so so so so so our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say say say say say like like uh okay thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our show so so like well notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty much already know the answer to but well um okay um I'm going to ask ask ask ask ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know so well like like like like like um an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it it it it it um well uh you know. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time? uh okay you know so Now that's that's that's that's that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes I call out your I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen um um um um um um well um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for so I mean so so free without a premium account Spotify has a huge huge huge huge huge catalogue of podcasts on every you know well uh like imaginable topic plus you can follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss okay you know um like an episode premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and okay okay okay okay okay uh like um easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if if if if if you uh you know so well haven't done so already Ready, be sure to to to to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal you know I mean I mean um um um um um Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure you you you you you know so you know I mean to follow me. So you so you so so so so so you so you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another another another another another it's another it's another it's another it's another like um okay you know Q&A edition edition edition edition edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of of of of of I mean um well you know the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily um you know well you know where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the so the so the so the so the other night I was getting getting getting getting getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have um okay so uh a a a a a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because so so so so so so you know well I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and and and and and how hard uh like um like it can be sometimes and I realized I I I I I had allowed myself to fall into I mean okay I mean uh this pattern of of of of of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I I mean mean mean mean mean well um uh know better than to do but I just kind of of of of of got caught in a loop and like okay uh um it's one of my my my my my weaknesses. Well so well so well so well so well so my coach said something something something something something to me so very profound okay you know uh um and the shift that that that that that it has created since then has been so powerful that well you know know know know know um like he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker I mean you know um well link and this episode we talk about Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas you know okay uh well for the the the the the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit so sit so sit so sit so so so so so sit back relax and enjoy too like I mean you know you know. As we all all all all all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some uh like well okay kind kind kind kind kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we we we we we so okay so so got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the the the the the beverage of the uh um like well night. It's our day off tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this like well okay uh night, but mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background so background so background background background background background so background so background on you know so okay you know Lego Masters, it was was was was was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief so so you know well well well well well versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape escape with Ford like uh I mean okay copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard standard standard standard standard driver assist Technologies. It's built it's built it's built it's built it's built to help help help help help you know uh like well you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on on on on on the road. They're smart I mean well you know okay and then there's Street Street Street Street Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March so um okay uh uh uh uh uh 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson nick Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested like uh like well for defrauding his his his his his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would you you you you you know uh um I mean subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the I mean I mean well uh oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but um um um um um you know like uh you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley Bradley Bradley Bradley Bradley is here I mean um I mean uh to help on Bradley's micro Board review review review review review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers um well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will will will will will cover you know I mean well I mean all the important facts for for for for for an infectious agent and at least one original board style so um so like question question question question question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really I really I really I really I really turned into my heart. My My My My My heart my heart my heart my heart my heart was like it's scary but but but but but you well I mean like okay need to do this. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm okay like you know um your hearts Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I well like you know know know know know uh hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has has has has has blood in uh I mean so uh this episode. We'll be talking about all things things things things things periods hormones confidence health food money sex you know okay I mean like business feminine flow flow flow flow flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know well heads. You will you will you will you will will will will will you will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs as other well I mean okay okay the filter about love talking about about about about about all the shit that people are thinking cook too um um well so so so so so afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave like like like like like well so like my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in in in in in Williamsburg like like uh uh now, but basically what happened is like the laws in in in in in New York like crazy well so I mean well with like subletting and whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do do do do do like I mean I mean uh stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with with with with with a really bad therapists last I mean well okay um weekend and she just like got got got got got right and did not try to get to know so uh so so so so so you know me at all was like, what would you say is your your your your your main issue? And I you know uh uh okay was like, let's fix this in in in in in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes um so you know know know know know um. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes got right you know um okay I mean down to business and I was like, I I I I I don't know. I guess I well I mean you know like feel like I always need need need need need to be in control and she's like, is that what well like so um you you you you you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I so you you you you you know so well don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott and welcome to to to to to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's uh you know so like like like like like word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply like well you know okay on things that matter most this way. We can experience experience experience experience experience a life full of meaning and so like well you know joy everyday. I am am am am am I am I am I am I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we we we we we go into this podcast. I really actually want you like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So please uh um like well hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put put put put put hashtag garyvee podcast with the so like I mean so W in there as as as as as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 so okay so um. Please hit me me me me me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the the the the the well okay like like Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash garyvee with double okay um so well. He's then he's then he's then he's he's he's he's he's then he's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited excited excited excited excited about this uh um like um interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put put put put put in your phone numbers. We're um so okay well going to call somebody in LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question well well like like and then then then then then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome you know know know know know well okay uh wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want want want want want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes like like like like like uh so uh right? I think so. I don't want to just let let let let let it sit here like I mean um um if I'm not using it, but what's happening happening happening happening happening today why I'm talking to you today is you know uh uh like because because because because because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm well well well well well um so okay when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had Had Had Had Had all my stuff with me I mean like so okay as most New Yorkers Yorkers Yorkers Yorkers Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too I mean like like like like like so I mean warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you you you you you. Almost got killed um well like okay by someone before crossing the street. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for being polite. So I was too okay so like uh hot. I I I I I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of um um um um um I mean uh okay money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to to to to to my regular normal standard well well you know well than I feel like a failure failure failure failure failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a like well uh uh uh uh uh like month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean you know uh I mean like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed succeed succeed succeed succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I mean so uh well I don't know how how how how how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why so you you you you you know you know okay because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are are are are are way outside you know I mean like like of our means. Yeah. Welcome to to to to to the business of a podcast. My name my name my name my name my my my my my name is Lorna um okay I mean um Liz love and I am a success success success success success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of um I mean like like like like like like a million dollar online Empire. I am I am I am I am I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is is is is is you know well well you know gonna be our first podcast. So, you you you you you know, we'll see how it goes. It's I mean I mean well so been a a a a a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a okay so so so so so well well while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want want want want want to say the thing well okay uh so the thing is is let's let's let's let's let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get you know you you you you you know you know okay into this first podcast, you know, just kind of of of of of figuring out the Kinks of it um well well um all it's going going going going going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying um um I mean mean mean mean mean um to figure it out. It's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's it's it's it's it's kind of kind of nervous. But you but you but you but you but you you you you you know, we'll get well I mean like um a gun. Sorry now here in in in in in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move well okay like I I I I I mean it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date date date date date okay well well you know white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw saw saw saw saw this all of well okay you know um this and I gave all all all all all of my family a sigh of relief. What's you what's you what's you what's you you you you you what's you know I mean uh um up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I like so I mean okay am I'm having a a a a a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up okay uh okay you know know know know know super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked okay okay okay okay okay okay um so out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I I I I I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke up I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 30 30 30 30 10 and um uh so I mean then I just been sluggish but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew knew knew knew knew that and I'm joined today by with well well well I mean my co-host Chris silver silver silver silver silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure okay like well well well well well okay. You know how we were talking. Am I am I am I am am am am am I am I meeting right now? I just got home uh okay you know know know know know well from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some some some some some food so so you know like. So I had to clear my throat kind of of of of of getting over sickness at the like uh you know so Miller. But yeah, okay okay okay okay okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how so so so so so like like like in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I I I I I crack up because um um like you know I am not tech savvy. I just just just just just I just I just I just I just use an app called anchor which I I I I I highly like like um um recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It It It It It gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you step-by-step directions on how to well well well well well you know well like create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are are are are are there are there are there are there are free editing's tools and you know well well well well well um you know the best part is that they distribute the out your your your your your podcast for you and So if so well I mean okay you're interested interested interested interested interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor well so okay well dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- and well so so um you can have a podcast to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of the good good good good good well um well well sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in you know um well I mean to this week's week's week's week's week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a a a a a name yet? okay so well uh I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given given given given given my last name kind of lame like like well I mean. But but then I I I I I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have so well I I I I I mean um some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might might might might might do I mean I mean I mean well breakfast with Perkins. I don't know know know know know. Anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? doing doing doing doing uh so uh well I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help help help help help kind of supplement I mean so uh I mean my thoughts that I have on other other other other other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook uh uh okay um Instagram. What have have have have have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's well well I I I I I mean you know stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee um so like okay and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink drink drink drink drink magazine. We um I mean well I mean tape here in honeycomb Manila, which which which which which is the home of our company, but also is uh um so well also also also also also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have we we we we we have we have we have we have a number so uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the the the the the content, Not that so uh so okay we're putting out whether it be be be be be about four games or let's coffee, which is about I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs so okay like um Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot lot lot lot lot. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're listening via podcast I mean mean mean mean mean so um well or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do do do do do leave a comment if you I mean well uh I mean can we would would would would would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If you you you you you if you if you if you if you know okay well you know so, so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business you know know know know know uh like okay tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go go go go go to www.sceeto.com for you know like well I mean / create to access your free guide guide guide guide guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg um like well well well well well well. Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop stop stop stop stop uh uh I mean well being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six six six six six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me let me let me let me let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure. So like well well so far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then I mean you know so I mean New New New New New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of like you you you you you know you know um what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to to to to to swim to shore, like like uh um but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked hijacked hijacked hijacked hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two you know so well well hundred thousand dollars in Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These okay uh I mean okay all have have have have have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now okay okay okay okay okay um okay so we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly show in addition um I mean so okay to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now now now now now you'll now you'll now you'll now you'll now get a special mini episode okay I mean um um um um um I mean on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast okay like like like like like well well being broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I I I I I am your host okay like okay like pain Rosales and thank you for joining me me me me me again on an episode of Inside the you know okay uh so Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now you know know know know know you know so uh growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am am am am am joined by or you know so um okay joy. Joined with rather a local local local local local band called recoil and would you guys please like you know uh so introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? up up up up uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh you know What What What What What up? My name? My name my name my name my name my name is is is is is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can I mean you know well well find find find find find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it it it it it like um uh so. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric I'm Eric I'm Eric I'm Eric I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is life is life life life life life is life is life is not like like okay uh that easy. You need need need need need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed like okay um um um um um you know more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done done done done done watching so I mean well you know the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Lana Lana Lana Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy you know so um I I I I I mean. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here here here here here I mean like I mean um soon. But first a beer Joseph what what what what what you drinking? I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're live another episode of of of of of athletic insights. We're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined here here here here here by our guests so well so um Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you you you you you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are like uh like I mean you? you you you you Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having having having having having uh um uh I mean me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really really really really really excited. This is the so you know well I mean podcast. I originally originally originally originally originally I originally I originally I originally I originally wanted to do back in January January January January January. So it's really cool. Nice um nice um nice um nice um nice um um um um um you know well like little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally finally finally finally finally be able to do this and I mean so so like on such a such such such such such a high note. Note. So for so for so for so for so for for for for for those of you listening uh you know you know okay at home both Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be okay um uh so so so so so playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, well you know um I mean why don't you just tell us a a a a a little bit about growing up and playing for so um well I mean mean mean mean mean the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back uh like uh um um um um um on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so I I I I I mean okay so uh much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to listen to you taking the time um I mean uh well to listen listen listen listen listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not take uh like like like like like so you know the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the the the the the day after you know so uh well a really bad car accident that left left left left left my car totaled. I was in a hard like well okay okay place of of of of of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble okay well you know okay me me me me me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what uh like um uh uh uh uh uh are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to to to to to impact so I mean um um to make an impact and I instantly began began began began began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this I mean I mean you know you know passion for for for for for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um okay like uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation tools that um I mean so uh allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean uh computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be be be be be heard on like I mean well um Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can make money from your podcast with okay I mean um uh no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So um I mean uh uh uh uh uh well download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to to to to to get started so um so um. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again again again again again. So tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight we're going to talk talk talk talk talk you know so so you know about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche cliche cliche cliche cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by by Jason like okay uh like concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have have have have have before. I know that we you know so okay I mean fought the Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh so uh you you you you you know um my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with with with with with like I mean you know like absolute power. I'm not saying we need to to to to to go to some like Royal Dutch okay like well okay like diagnostic system. But look look look look look but look but look but look but look at England right now how much much much much much better would our political um um you know I mean discourse be if if if if if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every so you you you you you know so I mean 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have have have have have a like a well well okay well boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister minister minister minister minister is actually making the decision, right? So like so you know so he's have a a a a a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay you know go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first first first first first fireworks on the uh well well so fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about uh like uh well starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor so I mean you know um is the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let let let let let me explain it's free like okay you know uh their creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean uh uh uh uh uh well well or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple you know so well I mean podcast and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast. No minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum no minimum listenership I mean um okay so. It's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place. So download the okay so well okay okay okay okay okay free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond where you'll um uh so uh learn tips and techniques on the car buying buying buying buying buying. Process how process how process how process how process how to get the the the the the best okay you know I mean uh deal what scans to watch out for for for for for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free. Those I mean I mean I mean you know are creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from um uh well okay okay okay okay okay your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can be um well so like heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with well um okay I mean no minimum will will will will will listen to ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you everything everything everything everything everything you need to make podcast in so like um like one place. You start start start start start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your do your do your do your do your fake laugh when you're like like like like like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our well well like like very very very very very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme theme theme theme theme song that um okay okay so you just heard is by a local. Band named named named named named band named band named band named band named Elvis freshly you can check out out out out out their so um uh um new release. Y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme our theme our theme theme theme theme theme our theme our theme song well like so uh is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered considered considered considered considered well you know you know like starting a podcast now is definitely the the the the the time anchor is definitely the place I well like so um can't can't can't can't can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get get get get get I mean uh like um it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with with with with with a couple clicks of the button. I so I so I so I so I I I I I so like well so had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many like well uh okay other platforms again. It was so easy easy easy easy easy. I can do it from my phone you know okay so uh from from from from from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can uh okay you you you you you know like do it. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped they helped they helped they they they they they helped they helped me um like uh like with so much. They literally do it it it it it. All I can't think of a better like so I mean um place to start start start start start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So uh like so so so so so like download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started you know you know um I mean again download the app app app app app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started today. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of of of of of an you know so I mean okay introduction episode for the NRL super coach coach coach coach coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you like um so um a bit bit bit bit bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week week week week week each week each week each week each week uh okay like so and give you you you you you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming um uh um um um um um I mean NRL super coach season. So I've so I've so I've so so so so so I've so I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've you know okay um um um um um okay spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game game game game game The uh okay you know well Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why why why why why don't I give you okay you know uh okay my thoughts and try and and and and and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be like I mean well like like like like like just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is this is this is this is this is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame Fame Fame Fame Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to I mean I mean so um the Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow like well like um um um um um him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can can can can can record I mean um I mean well edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can can can can can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on um so like you know Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome uh um I mean mean mean mean mean like to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited for this thing to get okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO I mean well uh okay and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are are are are are we are we are we are we are a fitness based community in North so so so so so well I mean I mean Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this this this this this podcast is honestly I mean well I mean well something that's been on my mind mind mind mind mind for a while and it's time for it like um I mean um to go. So So So So So here so here so here so here so here we go with episode. I want to to to to to talk a little bit about like um I mean well why we're doing this and and and and and what to expect and who it's for. So let's you know um I mean well get get get get get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've you you you you you know like well I mean always had for our fitness Community that's six and a a a a a half years old is to always uh like well I mean be improving. So I I I I I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am I am I am I am I am your host Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful well you know well like Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as as as as as okay so well I mean well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful so okay so I mean Curiosities. If you are are are are are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm you know well well um um um um um your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow um um um um um like um well it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you you you you you uh like I mean I mean know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie lie lie lie lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of um um um um um uh so I mean Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Tina to talk okay so you know um about the perfect storm of things that that that that that are happening in the world that okay you know well um are bullish for for for for for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American I mean okay um um um um um well markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our our our our our good friend Tina. This episode okay uh okay okay is brought to you you you you you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not I mean like like like like like like well the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to um like um I mean buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that that that that that what was it the cash um I mean okay I mean yet? That's what what what what what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to um well you you you you you know I mean be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video video video video video on um so I mean um my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I did that thing where you know well well uh you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um like um I mean where we talk to you about how you can can can can can start and grow your hardscaping business and well um I mean okay on today's episode episode episode episode episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are I I I I I mean you know um um releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO SEO SEO SEO SEO for landscapers starting so like you know like a an SEO optimized website for your your your your your business and what you need to do like so you know okay to be able able able able able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search search search search search um okay so okay engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it it it it it getting into creating a website um so well well. That is search engine optimized SEO SEO SEO SEO SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the like uh well well well well well well past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep you you you you you know uh uh well was the next one in a series of websites that that that that that I've created and it's it um I mean well like is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on on on on on the boys um well I mean I mean podcast before we get this episode Ron Ron Ron Ron Ron. I really do want to talk a you know uh so uh little bit about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I so uh um well will will will will will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to to to to to make okay um like you know a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to well uh uh uh uh uh like I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute so so like you know your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast well okay I mean uh my bad and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no you you you you you know I mean so um minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place well you know I mean so. Anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's let's let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the well well well well well um uh um boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And And And And And of and of and of and of and of course me. We're all the so well well well well well okay uh hosts. Obviously. We got we got we got we got we got four four four four four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we got we got we got we got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so like like like like like like so so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that that that that that let well um you know like you record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer and anchor um um um uh distributes your podcast everywhere to to to to to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if well um you know okay you're looking looking looking looking looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking like like like like like okay like I mean of podcasts right? Here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the happy happy happy happy happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 uh I mean you know okay today today today today today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind kind kind kind kind you know so I mean so of maintain my West Coast time. So I I I I I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like so you know I mean Colton Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a I mean I I I I I mean like uh podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to to to to to us um you know so you know or relevant. What's on the deal today today today today today guys? So today we first we just want um like well you know to thank thank thank thank thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten we've gotten we've gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten we've gotten we've gotten up to like so uh like around 70 listeners. So So So So So it so it so it so it so it was pretty crazy. It It It It It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi Hai Zindagi Ki you know so you know okay Love To Go. Hi. Mexica Mexica Mexica Mexica Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid um um so well educator educator educator educator educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should they should they should they should they should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome along to the property property property property property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host Ed well uh you know well Makai time major Nicole today on the the the the the show. We're going to be talking about okay I mean so you know gross rental rental rental rental rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we well you know know know know know okay like talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in in in in in Auckland given that um uh okay like it is probably not likely an investor suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in okay um well okay. Well a well well well well well a well a well a well a couple of weeks ago. I got I I I I I got I got I got I got the call-up from Westpac one of you know know know know know um um you know the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you you you you you comment on an article I mean you know so you know that we're writing writing writing writing writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic I mean so uh uh uh uh uh well data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house um uh uh uh uh uh um okay and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas a whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross well you know well um um um um um yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are you are you are you are you are listening to do includes live live live live live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where well okay like uh we talk about about about about about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for like so you you you you you know so joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. And this week. We okay you know so um are celebrating women. I'll is I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the the the the the 8th of March, so we I mean you know so I mean thought it'd it'd it'd it'd it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what I mean you you you you you know uh you know could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I know in a okay uh okay like moment you're going to be talking talking talking talking talking about a really huge piece of news that was okay so well so covered in in in in in the media last week. So I so I so I so I so I thought thought thought thought thought it might be nice for uh um I mean uh me to start with maybe a a a a a slightly smaller you story that people haven't so you know so well necessarily heard heard heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across like uh um um um um um I mean an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler you know know know know know so I mean you know in this podcast. What we do is we have top top top top top ten lists. These are like so um um the audio versions of our videos that that that that that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you so you know I mean okay enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a a a a a review on Apple podcasts or um okay so I mean Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter so well okay okay okay okay okay well all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean to me. Let me know how you liked this this this this this show and let's get into so well you know I mean it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet internet internet internet internet. And in like well so well the video today. We're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life life life life life as well like okay well something totally different most of us go through life and not not not not not knowing who we are I mean like I mean I mean or what we we we we we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through well okay so so so so so well many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the the the the the one that's truly okay okay you know um right for us many companies are the same often often often often often times the most successful corporations on I mean okay like okay earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you okay you know like you know know know know know please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would would would would would really help us uh like you know you know to move forward. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we I mean uh um so are the the the the the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March um um um um um um you know uh the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for for for for for Success webinar okay well okay well from four o'clock. Until five until five until five five five five five until five until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, this this this this this yes, this is the unique time when you you know you know uh uh can see see see see see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full uh okay so so so so so okay ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever. It'll be um okay okay well fun. So please so please so please please please please please so please so please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely well well uh so. We really insisted everybody. Is there is there is there there there there there is there is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart so so well uh. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um so I mean I mean you might remember them from from from from from a little show called Glee or from their okay well okay you know current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are we are we are we are we are going going going going going to be talking about being in our 30s I mean well uh I mean or or or or or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping cupping cupping cupping cupping you know um okay like enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel feel feel feel feel like nervous today, but like like um okay I feel nervous today, which I really really really really really yeah II don't know why I really don't okay well like I mean know know know know know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my you you you you you know I mean um I mean frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have have have have have been here for 30 minutes. I said uh so well okay to all of this this this this this morning. I was I was I was I was I was like, oh oh oh oh oh I've just got to make sure like uh you know well the podcast is set set set set set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to okay uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say say say say say thank um well well um you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord for his goodness and mercy you know um well uh in your life. What a a a a a what a what a what a what a God we have to worship. What What What What What a son you know um I mean okay we have to praise. What What What What What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You I mean um so so so so so you know may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are are are are are aware of what is on well so okay I mean our Facebook page official Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in well you know um um um um um I mean the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone okay I mean like I mean Starts Now. What's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's going what's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is you you you you you know uh uh like Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode episode episode episode episode 24. How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it going guys? I'm well well well well well so so you know doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk like like you know um now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to to to to to the Riverdale after show. What a well well I mean um crazy episode episode episode episode episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight um uh um um um um um um. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole so you you you you you know um so jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's so much going on. It's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's are up to you know okay like okay their normal Shenanigans and then I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things uh you know uh I mean at the the the the the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be um okay okay okay okay okay uh you know doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have have have have have a class clown class you know so so like present for this episode, please start sending sending sending sending sending them in in the live chat. I you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean am Katie. I am I am I am I am I am flying solo solo solo solo solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the well uh so okay chat if if if if if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you uh you know know know know know you know like guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. So okay um okay well first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And And And And And honestly, and honestly, and honestly, and honestly, and honestly, we could uh so so so so so um uh have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new new new new new front like uh well you know tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots roots roots roots roots 15 use it to purchase well well um like any apparel from Brandon bills and and and and and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this so well um so episode. It's like like like like like it's not fucking funny. Are you are you are you are you are you you you you you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome you know like I mean you know know know know know back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love I love I love I love I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is this is is is is is this is this is this is Ruth from ACC well I mean you know know know know know I mean media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Pettigrew Pettigrew Pettigrew Pettigrew Gareth okay so like I mean McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and and and and and we going to talk about All Things New you know um uh so Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So you you you you you know um you know okay welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if if if if if that's okay. We've been chatting so okay you know so a fair bit over over over over over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to uh I I I I I mean so uh cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, um, um, um, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, so I was born and raised I I I I I mean um uh you know in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I then I I I I I then I then I then I moved over to New uh like uh like Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Rose eaters eaters eaters eaters eaters in each well well uh well episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain gain gain gain gain valuable insight and learn tools that you like like um uh can apply to to to to to your life to provide hope and help for you or a uh well well well well well okay okay loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional professional professional professional professional counselor and nutrition well um well you know and mindset coach for many years years years years years. I am I am I am I am I am the CBO of an an an an an online counseling and coaching like I mean okay um business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated frustrated frustrated frustrated frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate like uh um okay through tough times times times times times. I love the work that I do so much that so well you know okay okay okay okay okay I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute um um um um um well um uh of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch goonch goonch goonch goonch go to the you know um I mean um podcast where we plan to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss issues in and around our campus from current I mean uh um um um um um you know social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you you you you you plan uh well you know uh on conducting interviews with guests from both within within within within within and outside of our campus. We like we like we like we like we we we we we like um um like also plan on having discussions and debates on a a a a a Wide range of topics we okay you know I mean you know have have have have have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for I I I I I mean okay like um our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I I I I I hope all this mess okay um you know uh will join us on this this this this this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget I mean I I I I I mean I mean so to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have have have have have something for our I mean so I mean uh listeners as well. We will be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners as well like okay you know like as a few few few few few surprise segments. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope all this mess will join join join join join us on this okay like okay so journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're so so so so so well like I mean well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I I I I I had a moment this like I mean okay I mean week with my coach about about about about about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always it's always it's always it's always it's always really really really really really surprising well you know um like when you think I've got that bit sorted and and and and and I'm always really good you know okay you know well at that and then someone someone someone someone someone asks you a question and you go always like I mean uh you you you you you know like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good good good good good at that so so well I mean so I have been challenged this week and and and and and And it's hard. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing yourself so well okay well through those challenges. It feels it feels it feels it it it it it feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and uh I I I I I mean I mean well you your instinct says right. I need to move away away away away away from this. I don't want uh okay you know well to go there t harv Eker Eker Eker Eker Eker in his book. The millionaire well um I mean I mean mindset says life life life life life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself um you know um so so so so so is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the the the the the I mean um um well moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, super excited about today's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast before I talk about today's podcast go like okay uh okay to youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash Gary Vee. I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super fired up up up up up about weekly V O8 I said you know okay um uh last time I promoted weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly be I can't believe the comments people are okay like uh so kind of of of of of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs okay um um um um um uh well and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This well well well well well I mean I mean like weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts action between Damon John um so like like and sampar, then there's a really epic. A A A A A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had with the okay you know well uh uh uh uh uh Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of uh well well well well well so well Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota well I mean um I mean rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about about about about about business and operations and marketing you know I mean well so of kind kind kind kind kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's well well well well well you know um you know a really fantastic podcast. I did I did I I I I I did I did I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called um um um um um okay well well mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of of of of of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we got we got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too too too too too good um okay well well at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that that that that that. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to make you you you you you know so so so this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using using using using using anchor as my platform well like uh you know. Anchor is the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is it is it is it it it it it is it is free totally free I mean uh uh well. Its creation its its its its its creation its creation its creation its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows allows allows allows allows you to record and you know well uh I mean edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast okay okay okay I mean for for for for for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms like I I I I I mean um you know you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership guys so uh so like. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one place, like well um um please download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to like okay you you you you you know so get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to my I mean you know you you you you you know uh podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you well well well well well well I mean uh follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you you you you you will know that I so I mean um like post regular devotionals in the mornings mornings mornings mornings mornings to encourage us with the word of God um um I mean I mean. And And And And And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at I I I I I mean um you know well real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, that, that, that, that, we'll be using and um I mean um well speaking very specific scriptures that that that that that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind um well like I mean mean mean mean mean this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't can't can't can't can't obviously avoid well uh uh um but we will our mindset that we we we we we would go through it will be different. I uh uh um okay am so convinced and I have have have have have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down so uh well well well well well I mean. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot spot spot spot spot you suspected you know okay uh well of mind has been on the minds to to to to to working for real until right. Now you I mean I mean uh so off social social social social social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch like well well well well well um you know of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just just just just just to you know you know like well like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning I thought I'll take well uh you know okay it back. But then I realize realize realize realize realize it sounds like they really I need to well uh so so eat your because because because because because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? And welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome back to the art of cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking babka last so so um like week. I went to Munich and it was was was was was a great weekend. I spend the uh you know you know uh weekend there there there there there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel uh like uh you you you you you know and yeah had a good time in general so good to be be be be be back right now and um so so so let's start off with a brand brand brand brand brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and okay I mean so um he he he he he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the so so so so so well uh so second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president president president president president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you you you you you a quick update like so so well. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able able able able able to make the podcast tonight. I like so I mean so was stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there um so you know like like like like like was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Wars, like uh I mean well they're not operating on Sundays. So I've I've I've I've I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free well you know so you know know know know know this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a a a a a good time guys and man you know well well well. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod people engineer Adam here here here here here jumping in for a quick second to let you so well like you know know know know know know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes makes makes makes makes okay okay so like it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to to to to to use and has all the um well you know okay creation tools. You You You You You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well you you you you you know so you know plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are you know like okay okay found even better Anchor helps you connect connect connect connect connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting so okay um well out. It's the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the the the the the uh you know so so free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's that's a I mean like I mean you know and C hor dot f m-- back back back back back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw a gator shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks uh like you know like like like like like. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do do do do do a so well you know like feature on a cutting ties song. He's He's He's He's He's the best frontman. He was so like okay okay well good like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was um um um um um uh okay um crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is is is is is fucking Amazing. Yeah, so okay okay so like wife's I keep seeing his picture picture picture picture picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you um so okay um may may may may may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like you you you you you know you know okay uh hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I think yeah, um well so okay they're at their Christmas show. He He He He He was like have like a sin a coat um like you know uh on on on on on and like the first note of the first song He's already got so so so so so I mean you know like the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic mic mic mic mic stand up here like um like um. Just good just good just good just just just just just good just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that that that that if like well you know uh you listen to my stuff for free free free free free every single day if you listen to one so um well well of my pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over there's over there's there's there's there's there's over there's over there's over tick um like so I mean like you can can can can can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not like so so so so so so so have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years years years years years Cam Newton okay um like so start listening to me and middle school and and and and and high school. Then he then he then he then he then he went to Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn well uh uh okay and told the coach to come get me. Then he went went went went went to the pros uh um I mean like and told the coach. I got got got got got to speak after all these kids in well okay uh so the hood who didn't have fathers fathers fathers fathers fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they I mean you know like like like like like like went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to to to to to the NFL. They um like um so took their daddy with them when they became became became became became preachers and start a church when they became like like so well CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been been been to the well like so you know station. The senior the last time time time time time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on I mean um well so sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got uh uh uh uh uh got uh got uh got uh got uh um like um a special episode episode episode episode episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I so so well you you you you you know really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say I mean mean mean mean mean um uh well thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA guard and you know so okay well Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app like so so like today and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio audio audio book summaries on like you know uh so personal development productivity business and more listen listen listen listen listen to them while working out or commuting uh uh well well to work and and and and and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of um um so like like like like like hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary Summary Summary Summary Summary of well I mean well you know best job ever by dr. CK Bray written written written written written by Alyssa Burnett and you know so so like quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston Johnston Johnston Johnston Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do well well you know um um um um um for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably so probably probably probably probably probably so probably so probably so probably so I mean so I mean not right right right right right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo boo boo boo boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me me me me me be well so you know I mean stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's uh uh so so nice to to to to to be back again. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is coming up on spring time and I'm um uh so you know excited about about about about about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like like like like like to uh you know I mean well say that I like cold weather, but but but but but I think I like warm every now okay okay like so and then and there's some some some some some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't um so um uh uh uh uh uh quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to like well well well well well uh so for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand understand understand understand understand okay um like uh why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't don't don't don't don't even assume so, so you know uh okay but I'm definitely making a little change change change change change. I would say little I guess so I mean I mean um but but but but but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to emerge today's guest guest guest guest guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you so like like okay who have been been been been been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan well so like um um um um um Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field um um um um um um okay so of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will will will will will be after okay so okay you know listening to this show. We do a kind of of of of of Action to his work an overview you know like you know okay of the the the the the 5 stage model that he created and that has uh like like you know been been been been been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I um you you you you you know so so wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, know, know, know, know, he's kind of um okay like I mean a huge inspiration for me but but but but but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for for for you. And okay uh I mean well today I want to talk about something something something something something called as Legacy. Now. What do what do what do what do what do we mean mean mean mean mean like you know well um by Legacy? Now? What I what I what I what I I I I I what I know for sure is that people like us, you uh well like um um um um um know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like like like like like you so well I mean uh people like me people who opted to become become become become become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious um you know I mean okay calling in in in in in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you uh like like like like like um I mean all were aware of it that we are opting for something something something something something which is a um I mean I mean well tough profession. We all all all all all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or you know so you know like a a a a a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went went went went went um um uh um to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV uh like um um Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This This This This This episode was insane I mean you know like I mean you guys I'm your host host host host host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but uh you know you know know know know know okay we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely co-host a b'nai so um okay so Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things things things things things are up on this episode of Siesta so well um like Key up and and and and and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so um I mean like well well well well well many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this so so so so so um okay like episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It It It It It was interesting seeing uh um well you know is back in town. He's back back back back back he's back he's back he's back he's back for a little bit unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately has to go I mean like uh I mean out to Canada for another few few few few few months. I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? that that that that You need um um okay okay me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling telling telling telling telling you you have to really like um uh I mean focus on. Not Not Not Not Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good like um okay okay okay okay okay so to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great the great the great the great the great doll clothes everywhere both to the the the the the left and to the right it okay so like I mean loves and and and and and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished uh uh uh uh uh well you know like it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you to another episode of well uh I mean well the real you a a a a a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking like okay you you you you you know um care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My My My My My uh well uh um name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be be be be be your guides the real you know so you know you know you. And today and and and and and today and today and today and today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be be be be be helping each uh like uh so other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset by understanding the power of why okay like um well why is the the the the the foundation that will keep you going when you want to okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay so quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh you know I mean you know know know know know host Simon Whistler. This is this is this is this is this is the the the the the audio version of our video show on okay I mean so uh YouTube. If If If If If you if you if you if you if you want to go look it it it it it up there and see the video so okay uh like version of these you can do do do do do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head I mean so so I mean mean mean mean mean over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us so so so so so okay okay uh a review. It would be kind of you and let's get get get get get into it. Hello um I mean um uh. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, today, today, today, today, we're looking at okay like uh you know the top 10 horrifying facts facts facts facts facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to to to to to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to a you know um I mean you know know know know know combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in in in in in the United um I mean um you know States. They are far from the the the the the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a I I I I I mean okay so so virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue virtue virtue virtue virtue of the other person so like so you know. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast. My name is is is is is nacho. I'm um uh like so Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about about about about about friendships for filing the kind of so okay um like pattern that we've had two weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last like um um you know week we talked talked talked talked talked about it. Chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and this week we're we're we're we're we're talking about friendships and next I mean I mean um so week. We're talking about a surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I so okay like um believe you have have have have have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast well so so so so so well so with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you guys so much for tuning okay like I mean mean mean mean mean like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why why why why why I mean like you know uh when and how of this podcast. So So So So So before you decide to listen to me, let me um like well like like like like like at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about about about about about like you know so um 5 years now. I've worked in many different places places places places places. I started off at a nursing home okay well um uh from there. I I I I I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York so I mean mean mean mean mean you know so Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, World, World, World, World, which is really I mean I mean I mean like where I wanted to be be be be be I was able to sit with people for longer periods of like um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see see see see see each like um I mean uh other for a bit more than five or or or or or ten minutes and you're working in like you know like like the clinical setting you're you're you're you're you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The so the so the the the the the so the so the so okay well I mean patients are really tired at this this this this this point because they've been here for a while and like well uh uh then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This This This This This so like like like is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and I'm here with my to um you know uh well co-host a one of of of of of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll you know well well well well well uh well let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself first you know so well I mean. Wait, I wait, I wait, I wait, I I I I I wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you you you you you had to okay so um you know co-host and one of them couldn't make it it it it it. Yes one yes one yes one yes one yes one of us like you you you you you know well I mean the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both both both both both your co-host your math I mean I mean like okay isn't working here here here here here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading so so so so so um so I mean and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives lives lives lives lives for so okay I mean um it. I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marcy I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is is is is is to so I mean uh like help women read more and read well and also also also also also to encourage us to make time um I mean uh uh for leisure friendship and and and and and literature to view our booklets or join a like um I mean like group group group group group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors I I I I I mean um you know okay of well-read Mom. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you thank you thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited we're excited we're we're we're we're we're excited we're excited we're excited to you know uh I mean uh delve into into into into into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so like uh you know know know know know I mean we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members members members members members this uh uh well okay year and some of our leaders was can can can can can you help me understand the membership terms okay um uh um meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and so so so so so well I mean I mean bhavana. We're both we're both we're both we're both we're we're we're we're we're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best best best best best you know uh okay well friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have have have have have our own well you know I mean uh take on every situation and we're we're we're we're we're here coming at you live from poojas basement well uh like like. We're not live. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement so I mean like I I I I I mean door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope you enjoy this episode of you know so you know know know know know well tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third third third third third episode of PB like um I mean well and chill in this episode. We are going going going going going to be talking about the necessity of well um okay you know romantic relationships in in in in in college. The reason the reason the reason the reason the reason I want to do do do do do this particular episode is because okay I mean I mean so I had a dream I I I I I literally had a had a dream where I was uh um like uh doing this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first first first first first episode in a series uh okay well you know is one that I consider consider consider consider consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple is I mean okay okay I I I I I mean to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand understand understand understand understand the so well I mean um complexities that drive us the gifts and and and and and the challenges the joys and the frustrations like you know I mean so of of of of of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there ain't there there there there there ain't there ain't there ain't there like you know so I mean was a time time time time time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing okay um um um um um um well up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and and and and and the so so well uh hard then I went to a school for missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries kids in Germany when I was so I mean so you know in ninth grade, and and and and and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I so uh so like hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my my my my my I mean so you know uh friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar similar similar similar similar traits. That's where that's where that's where that's where that's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The The so you know well well knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in in in in in four key so well well um areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving improving improving improving improving your relationships. And of uh like so okay course re attracting your eggs available now now now now now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there uh uh you know uh. I'm coach I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be talking to you so so like so about am I dating an avoidant? avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant Okay, so I know there are lots of new I mean uh so uh people people people people people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information information information information information I mean so well well can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into into into into into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and and like you know I mean so Ashlee of the - Lee's we are are are are are on a high right now. We just filmed so I mean like um one podcast with with with with with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from like like like like like uh uh um taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on on on on on this podcast. So that's I mean I mean uh like going to be on big little little little little little life right now. We have we have we have we have we have all of of of of of your I mean I mean um okay emails. We're just going to go through them answer answer answer answer answer them with our heart. I'm really well uh um uh trying to answer answer answer answer answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people I I I I I mean so you know so. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're we're we're we're we're just going to tell you what so so um um we would hope that we we we we we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would well like well okay okay okay okay okay do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably probably probably probably probably what like I mean you know you know we hoped. We wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've we've we've we've we've learned in marriage therapy and books okay so uh um and all that good stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started uh I mean uh so by do do do do do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand you know know know know know uh like well new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over over over over over until then there's I mean um like well another show that I think you'll really like like like like like. It's called love letters and it's one like uh I mean uh of of of of of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for so well um uh uh uh uh uh the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean well relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question question question question question in the well um well so episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells tells tells tells tells the story of a single mom trying okay you know like okay to figure out out out out out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's you she's you you you you you she's you she's you she's you know well um like dating if if if if if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters okay I I I I I mean well I mean on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am I am I am I am am am am am I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury okay like um okay research and and and and and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular so you know know know know know well you know basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot escape from the uh um like like covid-19 related upheavals and we we we we we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in uh so well like terms of of of of of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different like well well well well well so I mean parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index index index index index it now I mean uh well um stands at extreme risk of level and three three three three three interesting things about how risk sentiment has um you know um okay evolved to to to to to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's I just want want want want want to say thank you. If you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if you're tuning in and you're uh well um um hearing this, thank you. That means means means means means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there well uh like well. Today's Wednesday the the the the the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to my well well well well well well you know okay first podcast. My first guest is going to be my my my my my home gym ball good dude, okay well uh um old-school graffiti artist from the streets streets streets streets streets to kind of group grew up a like you know so so lot lot lot lot lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode uh um um um um um like well 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, if you're listening, um well uh so so so so so thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show show show show show so so so so number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Javi. Gee, um gee, um gee, um gee, um gee, um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your your your your your uh okay so okay host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be so so okay well real what a joke joke joke joke joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk talk talk talk talk about I mean so well okay funny. It's let's it's let's it's let's it's let's let's let's let's let's it's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some well well well well well I mean uh I mean stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to to to to to where they are. Today. Today's so well uh like gas is going to take you you you you you back to school. So take out a pen and paper you know so um um um um um like take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with with with with with door-to-door solar so I mean you know um Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is is is is is a beast many of try to compete with her like so um you know. Short Short Short Short Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh on the outside. I was I was I was I was was was was was I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman uh well well well well well uh well with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that that that that that I didn't make okay like like well because of my fear was all all all all all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay okay okay okay okay welcome okay welcome okay um like like everyone. My name my name my my my my my name my name my name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding finding finding finding finding perspective podcast where we uh well so like share stories and get into deep conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new I mean like you know I I I I I mean insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and and and and and okay um well like should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice advice advice advice advice all opinions expressed well I mean like I mean by podcast participants are solely their own opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions and do not necessarily reflect the so you know like like opinions of RCM Alternatives their their their their their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations well okay uh so participants on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference uh okay okay well well well well well pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and and and and and you know um I mean like other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of of of of of substantial losses as such they um I mean you know um are not suitable for for for for for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into so so so so so um you know uh what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge fund managers and chat like I mean uh like with interesting guests from across across across across across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the the the the the pulse um you know okay I mean podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most Most Most Most Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven I mean okay I mean like like like like like and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture capture capture capture capture like you know well you know the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Business Business Business Business Leaders and others across the so uh well like Healthcare Community. We are super super super super super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data you you you you you know I mean okay uh science people and design thinking seeking to improve improve improve improve improve the Healthcare System. You like um well you know have had an impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you can you can you can you can can can can can you give us a brief well okay uh okay summary of your career career career career career path today? And what were the key career Transitions I mean like okay you know and and and and and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know so uh well is all about life and all things that comes comes comes comes comes with it. This is a okay so okay um safe space to be vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita so so well so join me in rediscovered rediscovered rediscovered rediscovered rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to um so so like like like like like love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be be be be be all I mean I mean like okay about all kinds of love. The love we have have have have have for ourselves hashtag self well well like so love and the love we have for for for for for friends and the love we have for a significant other uh you know like like like like like okay and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want we want want want want want we want we want we want love to be and well so uh so you would would would would would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to to to to to like well um I mean a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is is the word tantamount okay like like so spelled ta n ta M. OU NT NT NT NT NT. It is it is it is it is it is an adjective meaning equivalent as as as as as so uh like well in value Force effect or signification used in a a a a a sentence. His angry speech well like I mean you know was tantamount to a a a a a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM I mean okay okay okay okay okay like okay translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused confused confused confused confused with the well so um um similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief and importance are impact supreme you know well you know um or preeminent as as as as as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both however, both however, both both both both both however, both however, both tantamount like um uh so and Paramount can be traced all all all all all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first you know know know know know I mean um um official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're we're we're we're we're going to have some chat I mean uh like you know members on we're going going going going going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going it's going it's going going going going going it's going it's going so like I mean you know down soon. You know what it it it it it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got uh uh okay um a a a a a couple co-host with me guys. If you if you if you if you if you could could could could could go ahead and just mention yourselves I mean um um I mean real quick quick quick quick quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a Garret everything you know um well I mean UFC on on on on on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA so you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card card card card card. Wow. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter we on. So what was was was was was the first task you remember because of so I mean like um the heart heart heart heart heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going well well well well well um um um to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use use use use use their wit's This so uh uh uh is one of the track chapter 18 18 18 18 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry um I mean well you know woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So I well so well you know made a post the other day about the you you you you you know, I even made a uh um you know okay podcast it was was was was was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe I mean so well well well well well um but about you know, your gym not being the best best best best best our today, you know, I you know like I mean well think it should be more more more more more of a pillar of the schedule and I made um um I mean okay this this this this this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups you you you you you know so okay okay. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was was was was was mixed and uh okay uh so one individual this Rob he owns owns owns owns owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise so uh I mean okay again again again again again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me uh so so so so so so I mean a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't agree. I so um you know you know know know know know think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do so um um um um um like you know both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but but but but but he reached out well you know so like to me and show me a DM DM DM DM DM and I do what I typically like you know um I mean do when when when when when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and okay you know know know know know so uh you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few well well well well well uh like like audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th 2003 subject he has been been been been been prepped once again for service today. You're you know well you know so going to find find find find find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and like uh so uh uh uh uh uh we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own uh uh uh uh uh um okay so podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One One One One One Stop Shop for so well you know you know creating your own podcast. It's It's It's It's It's free. It allows it allows it allows it allows it allows you to record and and and and and edit your like okay you know okay podcast right from your phone or your your your your your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most okay I mean well okay major podcast platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. And finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, it gives you an an an an an opportunity to monetize your podcast you know uh you know you know. So if podcast or or or or or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app you know you know know know know know you know okay or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back back back back back. So been I mean um so so a couple days since I did my my my my my last podcast as well as my okay okay well you know last, you know update on on on on on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind like you know okay uh of of of of of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way way way way way since um um you know you know you know, January 21st, when I kind of of of of of first started talking about it and so you know I mean I mean you know know know know know and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms like uh so uh beard care and much much more all of their products are natural natural natural natural natural wholesome and prayerfully like like okay uh designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote I mean you know know know know know um like prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire entire entire entire entire order like so um you know use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please please please please please and please and please and please check out the link in the show like like like like like like okay like notes. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is all all all all all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent uh okay um okay we can't recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you um I I I I I mean uh I mean meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online online online online online and at your own you know well well like pace and you can find the the the the the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and um okay I mean you know know know know know 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if you haven't heard about the the the the the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast um well uh um. Let Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is so so so so so so okay like a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from uh so uh you know your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So it can um so um okay be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and and and and and many others. Fourth you can easily make money so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean okay with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank uh okay you know uh you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for for for for for any small business thinking of you know I mean I mean you know funding funding funding funding funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise raise raise raise raise okay uh well um the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch watch watch watch watch even one uh uh I mean um episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife okay I mean mean mean mean mean well like show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have I have I I I I I have I have I have nobody on this podcast and there's you you you you you know um well um a good reason for it. I also just want to to to to to say if the sound quality well okay uh you know sound slightly different. I I I I I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because so I mean you you you you you know well I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole whole whole whole whole life so well I mean like up not thinking that I needed me. Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and I'm in the middle of of of of of you know like like um a hotel because I also started a new job last last last last last week. And yeah, it's all okay well uh um decided to come at once. But But But But But the reason I actually chose to do uh well okay uh this podcast and do do do do do this by myself is because it's something that I want um well okay so to to to to to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once so I mean mean mean mean mean well so to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council Council Council for um you know uh you know more information about the British Council or the language language language language language assistance program, please visit British I mean you know okay you know Council dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance um so like like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program program program program program and you know I mean uh so Beyond today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British British British British British Council colleagues from different uh uh um okay teams programs and countries, although from different departments departments departments departments departments. We are all linked to the language I mean okay okay I mean assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on I mean um um um um um um okay the team. So to so to so to so to so to start start start start start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and well well um I I I I I mean what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina uh I mean well okay. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on on on on on you know um uh okay patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to to to to to report that my podcast is now hosted like I mean well uh on on on on on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make well um uh uh uh uh uh um podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows so um okay like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or well okay so um computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple um you you you you you know I mean well podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to to to to to start monetizing your I mean I mean uh uh podcast anchor Make Make Make Make Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make like uh you know so a podcast in in in in in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the uh so okay well free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get get get get get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez you you you you you know well so I mean for the on the gun line podcast and you're you're you're you're you're listening to the midweek um well like so memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out like so okay I mean. I fucked up this this this this this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night um like well um um um um um last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used used used used used to kind of um like like you know ran out of time. So now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light okay okay like well my my my my my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host every night okay um um um and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about I mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell hell hell hell hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what you know okay so um it is is it it it it it is the situation where if you buy an existing property so um so so so so so you know you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a a a a a new row um uh uh so for Is significant expense on the hot hot hot hot hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or I mean so um um rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget budget budget budget budget uh uh so well for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs needs needs needs needs to happen if um like I mean I mean every couple of months, so I not not not not not months every couple of decades and this well like well um is actually a concept that that that that that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are are are are are back it you know so so I mean is nearly 2 p.m. And I I I I I am still in my pajamas that is not I mean you know uh like like like like like on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I like like like like like you know you know I mean have been working really really hard today been editing editing editing editing editing some stuff right now sweet bear you know I mean you know okay and I I I I I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends I mean like uh I I I I I mean coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one one one one one of our good friends well um okay so. It's her birthday and so will will will will will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and well um well you you you you you know some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so so so so so today was well um um I mean like my big day to kind of of of of of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two one two one two one two one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka Tameka Tameka Tameka Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited okay um uh uh to finally finally finally finally finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I I I I like well okay uh have truly wanted to do this. God has put it it it it it down in my spirit I mean so like you know to do it. But But But But But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series um like uh well. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in in in in in four key like okay you know um areas retaining the information that I teach personal personal personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of and of and of course uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet Hi there. I'm coach so well okay well Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today today today today today we're going to be talking like you know okay well about soul mates. So So So So So some of you guys out there believe in uh uh I mean well soul mates mates mates mates mates. Some of some of some of some of some of you don't some some some some some of you guys have this idea of like uh I mean so so a a a a a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul uh uh uh uh uh uh so so mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 29 29 29 29 like well um uh and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going okay you know uh okay to do a little little little little little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope okay I mean I I I I I mean I mean you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where where where where where you are just like like so well moments before coming into my garage garage garage garage garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the so uh okay okay okay okay okay uh sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's well well well well well so like I mean actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk talk talk talk talk about today so I mean okay um. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels feels feels feels feels the so okay so like best right after the winter time. Right? Like right right right right right when you've endured like those I mean uh I mean well freezing cold days freezing freezing freezing freezing freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're I mean okay so so so so so so just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you do you do you do you do you love horror? Do you love love love love love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course of course of course of course course course course course of course you like I mean you know like do. That's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own own own I mean you know um well horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send send send send send out into the like so well I mean world. There's a new all-in-one platform platform platform platform platform for you. It's called anchor it's so so like like the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools you know um um um um um uh okay. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer well um okay like and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you you you you you that way it gets on Apple you know so like uh or Spotify or everywhere else else else else else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make you know okay okay you know know know know know a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download download download download download the free so well um okay anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith okay like like like like like I mean I mean for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need need need need need you to sit down and um like um um buckle up because we're flipping tables tables tables tables tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome um well uh like to to to to to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today like like like like like like uh I mean. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how how how how how the other Dem candidates are like well um you know falling in line because they're they're they're they're they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that so okay so I I I I I mean we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, we're I mean I mean okay uh going to end talking about super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all I mean like I mean you know just just just just just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever there's ever there's ever there's there's there's there's there's ever there's ever anything that you want to so uh so um hear on an an an an an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are are are are are you? um okay okay well All doing today? I've had a good day day day day day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been like well uh um a good day day day day day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually but actually but actually but actually but actually I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to schedule this like like I mean uh episode. So I'll record it it it it it and then I'll save it to come out so okay okay like later because I will will will will will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening I mean okay okay okay okay okay so okay before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation in Hawaii while okay I mean okay so I still am when I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this I mean mean mean mean mean okay like so one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be be be be be on an well uh you know uh airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees I I I I I mean I mean well I mean trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request request request request request someone treat and so on Essentials I mean I mean like you know biodiversity. Those Those Those Those Those are those are those are those are those are what some people think think think think think about Forest, but do we really know you know so okay um about about about about about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your well well well well well so uh well hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph graph graph graph graph. When we um you know you know I mean hear the word science, we we we we we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem uh um like so solving solving solving solving solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science so um um um um um like I mean of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities communities communities communities communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a a a a a violent wind came from heaven and filled um okay like uh the whole house house house house house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of uh so I I I I I mean you know fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All All All All All of them you know so um uh were filled with the Holy Spirit and began began began began began. To speak in other tongues as the uh I mean so um spirit enabled them them them them them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by like like like like like well I mean well surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend anymore. Yeah, like so okay I mean um I always thought that was like a a a a a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder I mean um well you know know know know know exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fucking I'm fucking ready for it. Dude I dude I dude I dude I I I I I dude I mean so I mean uh. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we we we we we pull up I order I was like, I mean you know um um oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean of times. You've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys you've you've you've you've you've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit um like okay okay okay okay okay like and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it it it it it was so uh well you know french fries. They are they are they are are are are are they are they are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason reason reason reason reason people and um uh okay um I don't appreciate what you're doing to me me me me me. It's actually upsetting. It's very it's very it's very it's very it's very fitting fitting fitting fitting fitting we okay you know I mean like feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth youth youth youth youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is well well you know well based based based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing well well well well well well so okay House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries I mean um um okay to see you grow in your personal relationship with with with with with Jesus Christ through your daily time um like so well with him. Remember your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission you know like so um um um um um today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small small small small small thing to okay well uh so you that the god of Israel has separated you you you you you from the congregation of Israel to uh I mean you know okay bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you did you did you did you you you you you did you know the average Americans behind well okay you know I I I I I mean on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save save save save save and invest enough I mean I mean um okay to become financially independent. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to show you through my own experience you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay well exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on on on on on okay I mean I mean so or before the age of 65 from age 90 90 90 90 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been you know uh you know like married for for for for for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student so so so so so I mean okay so loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over over over over over a hundred and I mean um I mean um thirty thousand dollars a year year year year year. We both want to invite you to fire the familycom okay okay well like like like like like. Where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your your your your your okay well okay so financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come come from uh uh uh uh. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx. The creative the creative the creative the creative the creative agency accounting Nest Nest Nest Nest Nest. Our okay okay I mean okay aim is to talk to creative people in in in in in advertising media publishing technology education and more I mean well like so the ideation process process process process process can be a little bit of a black box to those of like like like like like I mean you know so us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope hope hope hope hope these conversations can shed some light on okay uh um you know that as work becomes more more more more more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us um you know I I I I I mean well are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is is is is is that like okay well I mean by talking to people who work daily with incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative um so um you know the rest rest rest rest rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for for for for for uh you know well okay doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Conde Conde Conde Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy you know I mean well well. You are of course listening in with the big big big big big man the force and I'm so I mean um uh like glad to finally finally finally finally finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the um so uh uh uh uh uh like flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel so you know I mean well like I've caught caught caught caught caught the white whale and I finally got every in the uh you know you you you you you know like in the podcast with us. So well, so well, so well, so so so so so well, so well, thank you. So good to finally have like well so so so so so so you alone? How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I think think think think think I think I think I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need like um you you you you you know you know more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the the the the the gospel and holding so well well well fast to the Traditions passed down to to to to to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing okay um you know um unfolding before our our our our our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and you know like like like like like uh like an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m m m m m is a great you know okay like um podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean um you know uh make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free free free free free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you you you you you I mean you know you know you know to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will okay okay well like distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um like so I mean you you you you you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's uh so so so so so I mean uh everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if you're interested uh okay like well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want well well okay okay okay okay okay well to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link link link link link and I'm uh well like well having a good time doing these because my goal goal goal goal goal is to put the truth I mean uh I mean okay out there to debunk some some some some some myths to give some guidance to first timers or like like okay okay those who were were were were were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on well well well well well you know I mean like how to handle things. And simply to make it it it it it an easier process for you I mean so like like. Today is going to be be be be be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but uh um well okay just laying laying laying laying laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as well okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of of of of of a diet or even I mean you know okay like a contest prep and and and and and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to to to to to talk about anchor why because like well uh so it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's okay it's okay it's okay okay okay okay okay it's okay it's okay so okay um free. It's free. I could stop there there there there there. But let's go on there's creation tools so like I mean you know that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I I I I I mean so like you know. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can can can can can so can so can so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well well well well well you know so you know and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on. I've never heard of like okay you know okay thanks. Anchor you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean you know know know know know um like everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a a a a a lot um I mean so you know can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor you know okay uh you know know know know know download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get started today like so okay well. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True like like you know okay Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for for for joining you know like you know I mean us. We can't wait to to to to to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back I mean um um you know listeners. Hey y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, well, I mean I mean like well there's many things but one of the one one one one one of them that bothers me that well um well well the kids do would be standing standing standing standing standing or walking on the couch. There's six there's six there's six there's six there's there's there's there's there's six well I mean well um of us in this household and this couch couch couch couch couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a well like uh okay couch not not not not not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance well like um um um um um like on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for it's for it's for for for for for it's for it's for sitting that's it. So when well like like like like like well well you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but but but but but they just you know you know okay like can't help themselves, but do a little little little little little Skipper. Ooh on ooh on ooh on ooh on ooh on the couch, but when I I I I I mean okay um uh you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome to another edition edition edition edition edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was by I mean like like like like like I mean I mean your boy Mac. Now you now you now you now now now now now you now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody you you you you you know I mean well okay for taking the time out to listen to the Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody so uh um okay out there. You already already already already already know man, you're we just out here trying to I mean you know you you you you you know I mean teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, No, No, No, No, so so um like we have a few subject we go get into into into into into today and talk about it discussion you know um so like. You know, first first first first first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right well I mean mean mean mean mean uh like now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long long long long long ago I mean so you know um. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host development like well uh okay Ronnie. I I I I I am I am I am I am I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, which is I mean uh I mean um a platform dedicated to empowering women through through through through through legal education. Thank you for joining me for like like uh like the first ever episode episode episode episode episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling you know I mean well well well well well okay Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique boutique boutique boutique boutique investment um so you know you know and Alton see company based in sandton. She's She's She's She's She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's you know well so I mean day-to-day duties and and and and and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as so um you know know know know know you know attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur co-founder like so well so of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your we're your your your your your we're your we're your we're your hosts well uh okay I mean. I'm Abby Abby Abby Abby Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to to to to to be telling you about The you know you know like um Disappearance and murder of of of of of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of um I mean mean mean mean mean like like espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James James James James James dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California okay like well uh uh uh uh uh at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980 1980 1980 1980 1980. Dorothy well um well like is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father father father father father. Dennis is not in the picture um you know so well and he actually lives in in in in in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that well well well well well I mean you know I mean we ask all our guest speakers. So number number number number number one, what are three words that um I mean um okay you would use to to to to to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it uh well okay uh down to to to to to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad I mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I I I I I can't see what happens if I so I mean you know uh responded responded responded responded responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His His His His His um so I mean I mean baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first first first first first word was Data I so you know um I mean tried. And what what what what what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything okay okay okay okay okay well uh um is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we before we before we before we before we kick off today's episode of of of of of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you know I mean okay I mean you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of okay I I I I I mean you know I mean your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for that's for for for for for that's for that's for that's for free Hallelujah. No you know um like um um um um um premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the one um well uh well you're listening to right now and you can follow those those those those those podcast. So you never um I mean well like miss an episode you can share what what what what what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And so um like like if you are a premium premium premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter okay so uh you know where where where where where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download I mean mean mean mean mean like like uh the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in in in in the your library well like like um Tab and give us a follow. So So So So So you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking of which let's you know like you know you know see what we've got got got got got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot lot lot of um um uh um them out there. But me I'm stick to the the the the the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head you know so I mean okay. 60-minute IP's, that's that's that's that's that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid you know um I I I I I mean uh swords from the jizya. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host well um um um um um um like old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to on the spot the podcast where where where where where no question is off the okay uh I mean okay table each week. We invite invite invite invite invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese uh like like um posing the questions questions questions questions questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to to to to to you know so so well safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to to to to to put the mare in you know um you know like the hot seat. My name is is is is is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism like uh so okay at the University University University University University of the west of England. My name my name my name my name my name is Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon white. I'm studying media uh uh uh like and journalism at you as well. And And And And And I'm in the second year. What is the impact um uh uh well of the the the the the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from like so uh I I I I I mean what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't I mean uh um well necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive proactive proactive proactive proactive. I'm reaching uh like um well out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Joven I mean you know so well. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach coach coach coach coach and this podcast is all about so so you know so Hope and Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery. Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, welcome back to the the the the the podcast. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really looking forward um like like like like like okay uh to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We We We We We were talking okay like I mean like about relationships and when we're in relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand you know I mean you know know know know know well what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex complex complex complex complex trauma and uh um uh well the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to to to to to start us you know like like you know off with our new podcast. We We We We We will we will we will we will we will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we we we move on so uh um um to some of the events that are happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu uh okay like okay n that that that that that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were so well well well well well well so I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so so so so so there so um I mean um was a an M un conference in in in in in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday I mean so okay um um um um um the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un un un un un like um you know you know conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Sheena Sheena Sheena Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our you know you know like like like like like uh country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I so I so so so so so I so I so I was very great at um like like okay such a a a a a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name my name my name my name my my my my my name is Lindsey Devon. I am I am I am I am I am professor emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus of uh so so okay Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South South South South South Carolina in Charleston. I also served uh you know okay you know as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy okay like okay okay okay okay okay well. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for for for for for all. Become I mean well I mean I mean an over the counter medication medication medication medication medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical you know okay well well well well well well pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that um um you know I mean I have. Um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um, I'm um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay how you doing? I'm good how happy happy March March March March March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla I mean okay well well well well well I mean marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. Yeah. I so I so I so I so I so so like like like like like like felt really stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap leap leap leap leap year. What well okay so you know did you ask me to remember? We're We're We're We're We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew so I mean you know uh up up up up up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased you know well well well well well so well that he had his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I I I I I literally never thought of um you know I mean uh that once that's interesting and and and and and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how like okay uh I mean old old old old old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it like okay okay okay okay okay uh like on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's it's really well well uh like weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought you well um well I I I I I mean were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know like like like like like well you know I mean you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here here here here here. Yeah, I guess like um you know um we'll guess we can use it like like like like like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, you anyways, you anyways, you anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, you anyways, you know so like uh yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of of of of of this podcast again? Just like um well uh the tea podcast just to see what what what what what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's okay okay well you know two guys guys guys guys guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I um uh you know like like coffee. So So So So So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee okay I I I I I mean you know um that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites. Probably okay you know okay like Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's uh uh uh uh uh uh so so pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for for for for for coffee? I truly I mean you know okay uh like espresso espresso. I make sense sense sense sense sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if uh well well I mean it's it's it's it's it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I like like like like like well so uh don't know I do call coffee. I was I was I was I I I I I was I was like why not we can call it I mean well like like like like like like just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I you you you you you know like uh you know wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 1 1 1 1 the entire book of Romans so uh uh well is jam-packed with Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that ders that ders that ders ders ders ders ders that ders that uh well okay well people quote all the time and Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 okay so uh like we're dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no no no no no matter well so I mean well where they're at. No matter where they've grown up up up up up or what they've heard all their like well like so lives and it's an incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible chapter it lists out all the ways um you know um so that that that that that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk so um so so and and and and and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was was was was was there you know uh um like and I am also here we are three and and and and and one after a decisive victory uh okay like uh over the Seattle dragons on on on on on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going well well you you you you you know like to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know know know know know about that line and so like uh well how it moved over the the the the the past past few days before the game started. I talked like uh well um um um um um myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread spread spread spread spread of the so okay like you know plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope like like like like like well like well. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and and and and and I cannot so I mean okay you know express to you how stinking excited I am am am am am to share the next few episodes with you know so uh uh you. I'm sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And And And And And we're talking mental health well so uh well. This is this is this is is is is is this is this is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship as we talk like like uh um about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've we've we've we've we've had. But it's crucial. We like you know you know you know felt like it it it it it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health so uh uh uh uh uh uh um the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire entire entire entire entire um um okay um session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is is is is is broken or something happened and like I mean you know well we couldn't agree agree agree agree agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it like so so so so so like I mean onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little little little little little better at things I mean I mean I mean so like clicks. Yeah, and and and and and so we don't know if this is recording actually has um uh well you you you you you know any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you you you you you still uh you know um well enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're we're we're we're we're families to feed. Let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll um um um um um um um um onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a a a a a world where two boys talk you know uh you know you know about things things things things things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of of of of of you know so so uh getting in there. Most of you are are are are are great and amazing you just lack the well uh uh you know tools and and and and and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired well okay okay okay okay okay so well. I am one of the few people in this world who got got got got got hired twice by McKinsey. So I mean well uh uh I Ali know how how how how how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to well you know um you know share with you what I've learned in in in in in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years well um well like as a a a a a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and I mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually actually actually actually actually a very cool bunch of like um uh I mean people are putting the the the the the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act I mean I mean so you know together before the work week. It includes includes includes includes includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off like um well so so so so so on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that that that that that you know uh well so we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy busy busy busy busy but Sunday, especially given against okay so um like towards the evening as like like like like like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs um well well I mean to be be be be be done for tomorrow? Get your get your get your get your get your clothes out out out out out clean your rooms. Let's start let's start let's start let's start let's start uh you you you you you know so uh packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to to to to to work I mean um I mean okay and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my my my my my kids at this time because it's a well so uh well i you guys. I I I I I know I know I know I know I know that school is your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite. You guys can't even wait you know like like so to go back and and and and and like know I hate school. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't think think think think think they um so like okay really do like I think they like to see their friends friends friends friends friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the like like like like like um okay you know definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did did did did did not watch my other video about the I mean I mean uh you know indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English English English English English I mean well um okay. We have three articles. I know that there are some some some some some languages like Russian. I so well like so want to say Japanese that that that that that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English so so okay well well well well well articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think so um um um um um I mean I mean three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for for for for for myself as an okay like you know uh English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. It's literally you know well uh you know the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use we use we use we use we use it for casual poor and and and and and uh well like well we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell tell tell tell tell the people I anchor so I mean so you know so great one. It's free free free free free love free big plus when it's free to you can only I mean so so so so so um like record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to to to to to Anchor, like like okay like but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the the the the the streaming platforms that apple pie. It you know so um I mean cast Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be I mean you you you you you know um you know short and on top of that you can even make make make make make money off of uh um I mean so this app. So it's free and you you you you you can make money. Yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's free so like like like like like you know like and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the the the the the right you know so so you know sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount amount amount amount amount of listeners required super simple to so okay uh well get started. Just go go go go go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome so uh uh uh uh uh so well to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 5 5 5 5 you know so uh okay Hamptons Vice. I am I am I am I am am am am am I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we um um um um um you know like um have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship stuff. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of new Jordan stuff I mean mean mean mean mean um you know okay to talk about and we're just gonna go straight straight straight straight straight through and talk about all the uh like uh like relationships and I've got got got got got some fun engagement news. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you'll have have have have have to wait to uh I mean so uh the end for that and a a a a a fun little segment about who's crazier then who uh well uh so and then we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next so I mean okay okay okay okay okay so week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this so this so this so this so this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We um um um um um so I mean so are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through through through through through the 20/20 NFL draft I mean I mean uh like class and what what what what what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali uh like uh uh uh uh uh um my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each each each each each position well like I mean so where the Panthers stand in terms of of of of of current players and what their potential options might you know I mean I mean you you you you you know be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important important important important important that you know well uh like position generally when looking for prospects and what what what what what the times 20 draft class has to okay uh well so offer we will will will will will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft has so so so so so I mean well I mean that it looks to be a major major major major major part of how the Panthers go uh so um well about this rebuild that that that that that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I hope you enjoy this podcast I mean you know so um love you're listening to and give give give give give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this this this episode includes you know you know uh so dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault assault assault assault assault that some people may find offensive okay uh so so. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th you know uh well uh in in in in in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 well well well well well so so uh a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm were transfixed um um I mean so by a woman wandering their campus. What What What What What is she doing? What if she sees us watching um you know uh uh we we we we we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't okay um well so recognize you the police were just just just just just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and okay okay okay okay okay like uh so Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 13 13 13 13 9 year old um you know well you know Nathaniel should have been asleep by by by by by now. His mother his mother his mother his mother his mother had warned warned warned warned warned him. His sister's nursemaid like uh uh you know had warned him, but but but but but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way uh okay uh I mean. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the the the the the well so okay like Sandman would leave him be all he had to do do do do do was steady his breathing stay uh so like um very still and keep his his his his his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the um you know okay okay okay okay okay like door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can you put a little bit bit bit bit bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, like so um you know I I I I I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk I mean um um um um um so so has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus pus pus pus pus and blood I mean so um well in it and your stroke still drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking cow's milk. Your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom will join join join join join to uh you know like well do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk milk milk milk milk was just isn't there's almond produce like so um well milk. What breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk well uh you know know know know know like is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut uh okay um okay water discussed. How How How How How can I was absolutely vile? And I and I and I and I and I don't don't don't don't don't know why people eat it so well okay well. So drink is it actually actually actually actually actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting well you know like I I I I I mean. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm you you you you you know so well like a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave leave leave leave leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk um so uh you know since day day day day day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way way way way way to get you you know you know well you know going. All you all you you you you you all you all you all you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get you know I mean okay so started and you know what? It's totally totally totally totally totally free just download the free anchor app or uh you know well you know go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on your way to to to to to your own you know uh so I mean podcast. You can have fun. You You You You You can talk about whatever you want to so um like um talk about on your your your your your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want um I mean uh you you you you you know to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go well well well well well I mean I mean uh to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- in you on um uh um um your way. Good morning. Good morning. This This This This This is Keith. Nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on our on our on our on on on on on our on this week's show. We will discuss well like you know like Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to like okay like like like like like I mean 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear well so so so. The lone senior technically could be the the the the the last game for Scotty. Louis could be um um I mean okay the last last last last last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors so so so so so so you know well High honors, I think in In the spring which is is is is is fantastic really happy okay uh like well for him or take some listener questions questions questions questions questions. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a fun show. We hope you you you you you guys um so uh okay enjoy it. You know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, this is the fun time of the year in in in in in our sport. This is so so um okay March. Now we're now we're now we're we're we're we're we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this our our our our our this our this our this our this week is you know like like so brought brought brought brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is based on um okay so um the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is is is is is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth okay um well okay Ministries websites websites websites websites websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your like uh uh uh uh uh like I mean personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember your daily devotion matters like um uh you know. March 2nd entitled debtors to all all all all all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses um well um you know 9 through through through through through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my so you you you you you know um okay eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body body body body body for my life is spent okay you know okay um with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories you you you you you know you know well like that matter to you and the other five members members members members members of your improv troupe. Thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks as I mean um so well always for tuning in with us on desert desert desert desert desert rock FM. If you never like like um like listen to the show show show show show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready okay you know um like like like like like for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young young young young young people okay I mean okay okay and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs programs programs programs programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, uh like I mean well Katrina Sakamoto who who who who who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 so uh I mean okay that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of of of of of the Ku Klux like I mean um um Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you so like well um stories like like like like like is God real? Well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it turns out for for for for for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, Frank Bush welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett like brett like brett like like like like like brett like brett like you know okay like I'm doing great. Thank you very very very very very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the so um okay I I I I I mean time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have have have have have you been up to like uh um you know since your retirement from USA swimming? swimming swimming swimming swimming But Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty and I my wife decided decided decided decided decided probably when well um well um I had a year left in Colorado Springs at at at at at my position that we would move uh like well I mean back to Tucson. And And And And And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a a a a a well um I mean you know little better at life. I am I I I I I am I am I am I am your host Corey mascara and in today's today's today's today's today's episode so like um well. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea idea idea idea idea of finding meaning more to you know so well um come on that in a moment moment moment moment moment. But first let's settle in with the sound okay uh uh like of the the the the the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting so um um um um um okay I mean and or just too big to tackle that some people have a a a a a seem to have a okay okay I mean uh natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave leave leave leave leave it podcast. I'm okay uh okay uh one of your hosts Egan for our with with with with with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up like okay well like guys? This is Jordan and and and and and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is this is this is this this this this this is this is Brady um well you know well Turner. This is the first episode of of of of of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I mean like like you know I I I I I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I I I I I knew um um you know you know as soon as I said it someone would would would would would bring it up but his regards kind of okay um like well bullshit, but I'll let let let let let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, um so you know I I I I I mean here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is so uh um so our first episode of our our our our our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while while while while while you know um you know you know we're doing this. Actually, let's start with with with with with that. So to begin with we uh like well well will ask our good good good good good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and like so okay um um um um um five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we we we we we okay you know like uh talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And And And And And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs okay um okay I mean. I hope you you you you you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this well I mean well well well well well well is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good Good Good Good Good so like so I mean. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward forward forward forward forward looking forward looking forward looking forward looking forward to this right okay you know um um um um um uh now. Thank you for joining us really? So I so I so I so I I I I I so I let me give our listeners are I mean um like so little bit of of of of of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the like okay okay okay okay okay okay like other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 well okay uh well. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years years years years years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens uh um um um um um so okay. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode episode episode episode episode 16. But you know okay you know I mean first we want to say say say say say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They uh uh you know know know know know uh made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the the the the the same for so uh I mean like you. So if so if so if so so so so so if so if you want to check them out, make sure to head head head head head over to you know like so so sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love love love love love City where you get the urban okay I mean like so robot cat t-shirt. And And And And And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll like okay well well well well well I mean receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then then then then then also SD prints there um like um I mean are screen printing company that that that that that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables I mean uh uh I I I I I mean website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You You You You You can check them so so uh uh out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16 16 16 16 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on on on on on extensive you know um so you know research, but ultimately can never be 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% verified except by Society members themselves for okay you know like um every kernel kernel kernel kernel kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to to to to to protect well um you know I mean their true goals and practices. On On On On On July on July on July on July on July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest protest protest protest protest the recent extradition Bill so uh okay um proposed by legislators as an expression expression expression expression expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys boys boys boys you know I mean you know well podcast before we get this episode Ron. I I I I I really do want to talk a like um uh I mean little little little little little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will will will will will admit okay well I mean um. So if you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is the easiest way to make a so well like uh podcast, let me explain explain explain explain explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to so so I mean like record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will anchor will anchor will distribute you know so you know you know your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast my okay okay I mean okay bad and many more you can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum like like so well listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's get so so so so so well like like this rolling. Like a like a like a like a a a a a like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay like like like like like well so like. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just it's it's it's it's it's just it's just it's just it's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's of like I mean I mean well time. I have a special guest today today today today today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my you know well well okay okay okay okay okay friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you so um um um um um okay I mean hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's He's He's He's He's gay. Oh my uh um uh okay phone also Levi Brown is this is already already already already already Turning off as a disaster sweet like so I mean like peas fucking Violet Violet Violet Violet Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love I love I love love love love love I love I love him uh like um I mean. He's so angry angry angry angry angry. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, I've never he's a a a a a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and so um like I I I I I mean like he's just tiny. He's very he's very he's very he's very he's very very very very very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's I mean so like like mad mad mad mad mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin I mean like um okay senior Communications officer with the office of the information and and and and and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And okay okay well you know this is part of of of of of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's I mean you you you you you know okay so personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of of of of of the more than 1 so uh I mean I mean million organizations that collect collect collect collect collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want uh I mean you you you you you know okay organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They They They They They collect and okay um you know like process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help okay so well well. It's about getting privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean well home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride ride ride ride ride well I mean okay so podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little little little little little Foo Fighters. We had go so I mean you know you know know know know know in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is so I I I I I mean um like because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today today it so you know I mean I mean is episode 39. This guy is is is is is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are well um um um recording two two two two two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he well well well well well so um I mean is our special Valentine. We're so we're so we're so so so so so we're so we're so excited and you guys know where to find um well well well well well well I mean us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on on on on on. Look at Behavior, I mean I mean well okay but just podcast or on a a a a a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us so okay um you know a a a a a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if um like okay okay okay okay okay you know you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it it it it it at okay well so I mean all. Thanks. Okay. So now so so so so so now so now so now so now Casey what's our review of the day? day day day day Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel uh uh uh uh uh um I mean like Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her um I mean I mean well reading shockingly racist racist racist racist racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was okay uh well I I I I I mean handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on on on on on its inclusion on okay um um um Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's it's it's it's it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its well uh um like cake and and and and and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious so you know know know know know I mean um username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for for for for for bullying and well um um I mean the show taking no accountability for it was was was was was crap at no point at The Bachelor show uh you know uh uh Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments um well well well well well so like. The show the show the show the show the show is specifically designed designed designed designed designed and run around the notion of having a um okay I mean you know villain. You You You You You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single well well well well well well like so season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past past past past past infidelity um uh so uh and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would like uh so uh I mean to encourage all of you to download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd you know you know you know know know know know you know FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy guys, I uh I mean I mean like did not know, you know publishing podcast was was was was was so easy. If I had only known it I mean uh um so like five five five five five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the like like like like like like well like anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and and and and and well I mean so I mean anchor will do all the job for me me me me me. It will publish it in all well um um um the major podcast sides. You You You You You know apps that are available and I do not okay uh uh so need need need need need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also need um you know um okay to make use of it. If you have have have have have a message if you okay um uh so have some come content, which you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world um you know um so or or or or or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram uh namaskaram uh uh uh uh uh namaskaram uh namaskaram uh namaskaram uh I mean okay well everyone, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in so in so in so in so in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's it's it's it's it's heroines week on well well um so Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a a a a a different awesome woman from history like okay um so a heroin heroines are women who do do do do do great things and a remembered for you know so you know you know their their their their their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman well well well well well okay um okay lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name name name name name was Empress Shilling okay well uh I mean. She and she discovered something that that that that that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying like um um well a a a a a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China China China China China well like well you know with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by by by by by her okay uh you know so own bra the search for her killer killer killer killer killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in well like okay like a a a a a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of well well well well well okay so I mean Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check check check check check out our series unsolved murders you know I mean you know um every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some so okay well well well well well uh of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever like like like like like you know you know uh you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of of of of of this murder case listener you know so so uh discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas well um you know I mean real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce it, right that you know uh you know uh was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that was pretty good. It was it was it was it was it was pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good I mean uh so well history of New Zealand podcast. And so and so and so so so so so and so and so tell us a little bit about your uh you know um um um um um okay projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to to to to to be talking about today well so so like. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and and and and and I as you've just heard I'm the well well uh well bloke behind the history history history history history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a um okay I mean so so so so so does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to chakra chakra chakra chakra chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the like like like like like like like like chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change change change change change I mean I mean okay so your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? going going going going I am I am I am I am I am doing great. It's kind kind kind kind kind you know okay like you know of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this this this this this week I'm recording on a well okay uh I mean Wednesday because I've been been been been been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to so you know well well well well well I mean what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on on on on on Wednesday. Does you know uh you know so that ever happen to you? I think think think think think it's so funny. You know like you think so well I mean mean mean mean mean like like all day. It's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday and and and and and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's well you know like like like like like I mean just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on on on on on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are we are we are we are we are going to talk.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to a special special special special special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with like so uh you know you today. We We We We We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason I mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special special special special special on first off you know uh well okay. So we all like to to to to to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today's like okay you know know know know know uh guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans fans fans fans fans who okay um so like obviously had attended the games in the City of of of of of Angels of Allah and in London, okay uh so okay So he is the the the the the man that says. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm firm firm firm firm um you know um well or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers fundscom fundscom fundscom fundscom fundscom. I'm a huge fan of Dan I mean so okay so Eric and Spotify we we we we we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might you know uh I I I I I mean well know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the one well so like like you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts uh okay um you know in one place for free free free free free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you well okay well well never miss miss miss miss miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you uh uh uh uh uh so so uh are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on on on on on Instagram. Haven't done so already I mean you know um you know be sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify like like I I I I I mean I mean or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me me me me me. So so I mean um uh you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast one more time. This is this is this is this is this is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly well well well well well well you know well with a point against wall stone and a good way on on on on on Tuesday night the mood I mean um um you know in the camp must must must must must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's been it's been good so um like so for months really pleased with with with with with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going well you know okay so so so so so to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss loss loss loss loss I mean um well like or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the the the the the goals were very very uh um so uh good. Yeah one individual that that that that that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to okay so okay I mean you tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K like um you you you you you know uh JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were so so so so so I mean so uh friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they they they they they were asking me how well well like so we do it how we get it it it it it out there how we record it. And you and you and you and and and and and you and you I mean you know I mean uh know, thankfully I was was was was was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have okay okay uh you you you you you know had when we first started out this would have been way way easier I I I I I mean uh like well and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, you know, so anchor is um so well like by far the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast it gives you everything you need um I mean well well. In In In In In one in one in one in one in one place so you don't have to to to to to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment okay I mean I mean I I I I I mean or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on on on on on your so I mean so okay phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So So So So So it gives you all the creation like you know so uh tools. You need to edit edit edit edit edit it to make it sound good which you know, if like well uh you know know know know know we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean we've recorded.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the okay I mean uh I mean easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to um I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your well like like like like like uh well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and I mean okay like uh many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, and well okay so uh it's everything you need to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app okay uh um um um um um okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this well well well well well okay like I mean is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I I I I I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the I mean you know uh um ball, you know know know know know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How uh how how how how how uh how uh how uh how uh okay well I mean are you doing? doing doing doing doing Brett very well. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you coming coming coming coming coming on you've got an amazing well okay like like story and I love for you to to to to to share it with a lot of people so okay well so. Yeah, thank you you you you you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long well um well well well well well well overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to to to to to continue to I mean so uh so follow along in the future. Yeah. I I I I I mean I've told you many times we so so so you know know know know know have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where where where where where so like well uh you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all all all all all those sorts of so so you know so things. I think is so important to to to to to share and I've had great conversations with so so um you know a lot of of of of of really good coaches. And athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty I mean I mean so so of Steel media marks the boundary where reality reality reality reality reality and unreality meet. Of course, uh well um um we didn't expect to die out here here here here here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd so um uh uh asked for more money money money money money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, all right, welcome back ladies I mean so okay well and gentlemen, boys and girls girls girls girls girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have um so so well well well well well a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by I mean mean mean mean mean like so um our app to help companies get control of their email for this this this this this episode really excited well like um like to have one of our one of the the the the the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself so uh uh like. Thank you very very very very very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the so okay well okay okay okay okay okay biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction construction construction construction construction like so well I mean these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Judith Hackett okay um uh you know. I chaired the independent review into building safety safety safety safety safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the um like um so Granville fire disaster, disaster, disaster, disaster, disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed like I mean mean mean mean mean um okay such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking looking looking looking looking um okay okay you know at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded people deluded people deluded people deluded people deluded I'm back again. Welcome back back back back back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy like so uh so to be doing doing doing doing doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a so so I mean mean mean mean mean so bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So So So So So if so well like so you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you you you you you feel like you've accomplished you know okay okay you know something with me because without without without without without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be okay well well well well well you know well possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with with with with with mating taking my stuff in on like so okay okay YouTube. Then you then then then then then you then you then you then you might as well start. Do I need to to to to to spell out to you why okay you know well well you need to to to to to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away uh so like like like like like I mean from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots lots lots lots lots happened in football, uh so okay like but a lot has happened. You've seen seen seen seen seen key caucus steal. The leads the leads the leads the leads the leads keep keep keep keep keep our I mean like um well band for eight games and get a fine. I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR you you you you you know uh you know I mean leaders podcast. HR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR hR hR hR hR doesn't hR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital um um um um um like um I mean. It's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply simply simply simply simply has to put another way. HR must hR must hR must hR must must must must must hR must become more digital and analytical um okay well um to deliver greater business business business business business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features it features it features features features features features it features it features um so well so a panel discussion, which took took took took took place at the recent people analytics and future so uh okay uh of work work work work work conference in San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion was titled HR skills of the future and uh uh you know um how to develop develop develop develop develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC well you know know know know know okay like Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people people people people people strategy analytics learning and I mean uh uh okay operations of judicial RJ Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober so okay okay well and is is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of well well um um um um um you know my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per Per Per Per Per se taking like I mean okay okay control of our emotions, but the big big big big big question is how do we take control of okay um okay I mean our emotions? Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right uh right uh uh uh uh uh right uh right uh right uh like okay I mean but we're going to talk talk talk talk talk about two of those important points right now. And um uh well um that's your physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It uh uh you know know know know know uh is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a a a a a um um I mean uh living organism and its parts. But in this sense, sense, sense, sense, sense, what we're going to be talking I mean uh um uh about is how how how how how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You I I I I I mean so you know I mean feel emotions are described many ways. You You You You You know me. We have happiness sadness anger I mean uh like you know and and and and and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of well you you you you you know I mean um the main ones. We think we think we think we we we we we think we think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have I I I I I mean okay okay so our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of of of of of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus like um you know so. So I I I I I so I so I so I so I use stencil plus with my business business business business business. They made a handicap logo for so I mean uh uh me amongst other other other other other custom logos and different things for me as well well so so well. They have have have have have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over like well well well well well well um $50. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they they they they they have so I mean so uh lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there there there there there always interacting there's thousands of stencils um so you know so to choose from from from from from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So so uh well okay okay okay okay okay if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you you you you you and um like um so they listen to their customers needs of what they they they they they want what they need well okay so so to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 20 20 20 20 coming your so well like you know way. And thanks again last week week week week week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and uh uh okay I mean I really enjoyed that that that that that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, um okay I mean like like like like like you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small small small small small but we're so so well okay we're good. We're happy and as I always say to to to to to people I do this because you know well uh I mean I love the band. Of talking talking talking talking talking to the bonds and having a chat with you know like I mean uh them and seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So So So So So it's awesome. So thanks okay uh so okay for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have we have we have we have we have to pay the bills, bills, bills, bills, bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting like okay okay so your own own own own own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is so um um um um um I mean you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free their creation you know you know you know okay tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean like uh well well well well well computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple you know so uh I mean podcast and many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's well well well okay everything you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free I mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you you you you you want to I mean okay um so join in on the excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On so I mean like okay the the the the the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform platform platform platform platform uh um you know uh at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is is is is is beyond where you'll learn well well I mean uh tips and techniques on the car buying buying buying buying buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our our our uh I mean you know uh sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out to the hosting site uh uh I mean uh. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you you you you you to edit upload uh well so so and create your own podcast all in one one one one one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all you know I mean I mean okay the distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send like uh uh uh uh uh so um your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and and and and and instantly be well like um um everywhere at once you upload it to to to to to Anchor or if you want to create um I mean okay so your own own own own own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so turns out that people do do do do do actually want to listen to what I have well you know um well to say, say, say, say, say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that that that that that everyone is on board I mean um okay well and I'm excited for this little little little little little journey this little educational Journey that we you know um you know okay are going going going going going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing like like like like like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing and like um uh uh so note note note note note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've so I've so I've so so so so so I've so I've done list of how I well so so like want it to to to to to pan out whether or not it pans out like that well uh you know know know know know so is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we we we we we so we so we so we so we like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening I mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in in in in in um I mean okay well London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along along along along along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 well uh you know um the Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a little pregame combo for you know so okay so you Michael. We didn't get a chance chance chance chance chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San um so I mean uh Jose. But But But But But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The um okay okay okay okay okay okay so Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to well well well well well uh so uh sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won won won won won three games in. Road that road that road that road that road that we're I mean mean mean mean mean like okay well key games against teams that were at least on par with with with with with them Florida a few I mean okay uh uh points behind them Tampa Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver so well so um who was was was was was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against against against against against the uh uh well well team and they play three teams on this this this this this west coast swing that are out of like well you know well it that are are are are are basically, you know, playing out the string and they like I mean like I I I I I mean got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh um um um um um okay uh topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted attracted attracted attracted attracted to okay I mean um um in Men. In other words. What are the the the the the things? What are the triggers? What you know um like um are the the the the the things that women like about us guys? So what so what so what so so so so so what so what kind of behavior uh so um I mean is it that they like like like like like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously I mean I mean so so so so so okay to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is is is is is so I mean like you know number one. There are emotional beings and their Even Even Even Even Even by their emotions and I mean so like uh women want to be be be be be in a love story. They want to just randomly you know well I mean well well well well well run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye okay okay okay okay okay well uh um contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way way way way way that it's obvious okay well like so to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's called um like I mean well speaking for the bag. And the and and and and and the and the and the and the reason why we picked that name, I I I I I mean, well okay well you know it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag bag bag bag bag we in the bag we got the bags I mean uh you know um of cured cured cured cured cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the end end end end end goal is to make you know um so you know money off this that that that that that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this well you know I I I I I mean um for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy happy happy with my voice um uh you know okay Okay, we see what we see what what what what what Carson over here is in it for I mean uh you know okay I guess guess guess guess guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, I have like uh um well this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice uh I I I I I mean well uh of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you do you do do do do do you do you do you want to do the um I mean uh like like like like like show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an well well well well well so like so app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the the the the the introduction to um so okay uh get her ready and that's it. Are we we we we we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but okay um like uh we we we we we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every well uh uh uh uh uh so well Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 pm pm pm pm pm I mean you know so so. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I I I I I welcome all welcome okay like so I mean everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg Berg Berg Berg Berg. Today. We're going like um like um to talk about the seven seven seven seven seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is this is this is this is is is is is this is really about so I mean um like something called cryotherapy cold therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for so you know so so so so so so just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold so so so so so uh okay you know to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and and and and and this concept is really okay well so uh based on this word hormesis. Okay for for for for for me scenes, what does that that is um uh uh I mean a situation where you're you're you're you're you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount you know well I mean um um um um um of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that like you know know know know know uh um can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival survival survival survival survival mechanism like well um like that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how look how look how look how look how sane and linear we are being being being being being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis I mean uh uh well podcast and and and and and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities like you know know know know know so um. Please remember please remember please remember please remember please remember to support support support support support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free uh so you you you you you know um to read along with us. If you if you if you if you you you you you if you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, you know like like like like like like so we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this this this this this podcast well like so okay linked in the episode description if you wish to Read Read Read Read Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are okay um uh I mean trained trained trained trained trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction well well well well well okay like I mean of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, but we're not attacking the comic so I mean well like just offering suggestions. This This This This This show is not safe for work. And if and if and if and if and and and and and if you're um uh like well a minor we ask that you wait to listen listen listen listen listen until you were old okay like um so enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the the the the the uh um I mean you know podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Deborah I'm Deborah I'm Deborah I'm Deborah I'm Deborah show and today today today today today we'll be you know you know so like talking about Dan for sure. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't know me as your your your your your own cloud. She might she might she might she might she might say this for the well well well well well so so uh cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so so so so so today we well okay okay you know have done for sure. He is he is is is is is he is he is he is the big talker. He is the hitter hitter hitter hitter hitter. He is the cringer. He is he is he is he is he is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing well you you you you you know um well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side side side and brush uh okay I mean uh the inside the outside image showing showing showing showing showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week well well um like where every day day day day day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight well you know like like like like like like. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking about an incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's okay um okay okay cool, but we're we're we're we're we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah like like okay okay okay okay okay um that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon was was was was was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny um I mean like you know was was was was was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the like I I I I I mean well like Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary uh well well you know footage Neil Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo well well well well well you know you know so 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship ship ship ship ship had a built-in Custom-made so I mean uh uh camera transferring its signal signal signal signal signal back to Earth. This signal this signal this signal this signal this signal was was was was was tape recorded by three different Studios you know I mean uh I mean one in in in in in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made made made made made I mean I mean you know you know it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed packed packed packed packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to to to to to you by uh I mean well I mean anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop shop shop shop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of best of best of best of of of of of best of so uh well um all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously easy to use now anger can so like I mean I mean match you with with with with with great spot. So you so you so you so you so you want to to to to to advertise on your podcast. That means um like you know I mean you you you you you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right right right right right now okay um I mean so by reading sad I said it before but but but but but you know, we love using incre well okay you know um you can hit record start start start start start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, some, some, some, some, you know uh like you know you know dead are very easy to do that that that that that as well. So, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know, if if if if if you know I mean I mean so you've always wanted to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean uh dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole uh so I I I I I mean you know ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't we don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And okay okay okay okay okay like okay well guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m that's right. If uh uh you know I mean you're looking to host your your your your your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get like um so you you you you you know started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the you you you you you know um uh um podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need need need need need a computer, but you can do you know you know um um it there there there there there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging uh well you know well part, you know want to mess with that that that that that. They got you covered and get it right so so I mean uh on on on on on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or um you you you you you know uh you know founds And you know what, you can monetize it it it it it to make a little cash for sharing like uh well uh your great content with with with with with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all well uh like okay in one one one one one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download you know know know know know you know uh well the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started started started. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of you you you you you know like um um the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening listening listening listening listening to the London is blue okay so well you know or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or like like like like like well I mean you know smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo - Josh Val said well well you know um is your actual name. Do you you you you you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho I mean like uh okay ho ho ho ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many like well well well well well okay like different names you called ho over the course of the season season season season season because there's been at um I mean okay um least ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point um um okay well now, now, now, now, now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the the the the the rafters. Oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver silver silver silver silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean like Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice practice practice practice practice so I mean well okay and guides us on a path of healing transformation transformation transformation transformation transformation an Awakening to experiencing the you know so I mean okay divine. I want to to to to to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla so okay uh well well well well well that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of of of of of that says that um like you know okay if you read the megillah meeting them name, name, name, name, name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind so you know okay like of of of of of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost like an an an an an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about about about about about you know well um you know anchor if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay so um. Let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record so I mean you know okay and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will anchor will anchor will distribute your I mean I mean like I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you you you you you so like well you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make um okay um I mean a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to um okay okay okay okay okay so so Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on today on today on today on today on Marvel movie news. We've got we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got a whole bunch of stories to to to to to take okay okay well like care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has has has has has a runtime. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's so you you you you you know um well some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set set set set set photos and we're so so uh um going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill Cavill Cavill Cavill Cavill after that. Let's just like uh well you know call it a rumor all all all all all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome well like okay um to popcorn top top top top top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and you know so um um um um um um here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the the the the the popcorn you know you know you know like talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We We We We We are coming to you. Live from I mean you know so like Bollywood will explain that that that that that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it it it it it. It'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual so so so so so so um so and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from from from from from 3D divide D like okay like like Consciousness the nature of time space space space space space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all like so um like like like like like. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I I I I I appreciate okay well well okay you so very much. All right, let's get into it it it it it. Hey beautiful being welcome back um I mean like um to another episode of of of of of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with me well like like like like like like like today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want want want want want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential like like like like like uh so okay wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it it it it it but you know like I mean so today it's me back is run out out out out out of ways to introduce we can just you know um okay okay talk to yourself about about about about about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome like um well um um um um um. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had had had had had a okay I mean you know okay break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting. We're talking about how to um like you know so plan a wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off um uh so so so so so so planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of of of of of planning a so I mean like I mean wedding when you're pregnant as well to to to to to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the walking of of of of of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are I mean well um uh recording from the Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we okay so so you you you you you know will share on this podcast intro song says that that that that that that that you're good. It's so um like like the intro song inches on the addressing. It's It's It's It's It's the intro song intro song We're not uh uh I mean well in our basement at at at at at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome um like you know know know know know um. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part part part part part I mean well okay so of your week. It's so it's so it's so so so so so it's so it's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less less less less less okay okay you know well so but me because my heart is full. I'm way way way way way more thankful. We like you know like so are this episode's gonna be a a a a a little different. I might sound a little different uh like you know you know know know know know Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we so so so so so so um um are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already we've already we've already we've already we've already taken everything valuable out.
You have you have you have you have you have tuned into Irish Illustrated Illustrated Illustrated Illustrated Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth well so so uh uh uh uh uh today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean or reminder to everybody. We will be be be be be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And um uh I mean uh as we we we we we go through the spring, there's going to be a break well so you know so so so so so again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a take a a a a a take a take a take a relief following practices that um you know so well well well well well are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open open open open open by like you know okay like Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's and in the I mean um um um um um like okay new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have we'll have we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll have we'll have we'll have a much better vantage point. I think I think think think think think I think I think I think um well um uh we mentioned that last podcast well well well well well take two hours to get a or an like I mean um okay hour to to to to to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit bit bit bit bit um I mean so uh on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually actually actually actually actually set up and can actually work okay you know like okay. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UK fancy football show show show show show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite uh so so I mean pastime will will will will will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the so uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week week week week week 29 joining us well um I mean um this week for the second time. This season season season season season this season this season this season this season is gold head of news news news news news and features like like so uh Peter Staunton. Last time last time last last last last last time last time last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team team team team team so you know you know so since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? now now now now Not very good. I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I I I I I mean you know like um 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half half half half half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I mean you know you know okay I think out of you know, all the people that that that that that are still interested. I used I mean you know I mean um to interested interested interested interested interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the well uh you know know know know know so fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well Well Well Well Well so uh well you know the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys guys guys I mean you know well so. So we just got a letter so so so so so for you here, we wanted well uh well um to talk about a few things that we've we've we've we've we've been stumbling upon over the last so so I mean uh few days since the finale finale finale finale finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions like um um um um um well okay show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want want want want want to uh uh so okay you know, take up too much time in the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast after that. So we're uh like uh well yeah, the internet is swirling with with with with with post interviews and insights into the show. And so well okay uh I think think think think think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see uh okay well well well well well so certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we we we we we just okay I mean you know you know want to talk about what we found out since since since since since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new the all-new the the the the the all-new the all-new the all-new Fierce family of fragrances I mean you know I I I I I mean okay gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom I mean okay you know you know. And click Fierce to learn more those singers singers singers singers singers back. Then I mean like you know um like well you had they were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church well well okay okay okay okay okay well was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had had had had had I mean well well like about, you know, the the death of the black church church church church church in the black community okay well well you know. E in the role that played played played played played in the type of singers that you hear, you uh so um you you you you you know know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, know, know, know, know, there's a few so so so I mean here but every now and again probably last last last last last one is its is it Fantasia? You I you I you I you I you you you you you I mean I mean so you know can't definitely fantastic. It's like - - - - - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson so like like so so so so so. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we we we explore okay uh uh well faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another installment of so like like like like like like well Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block block block block block I mean uh um so leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can can can can can find me at the ER okay um so well ite etfe you on all social social social social social media platforms. Have you already given up like so like uh on your fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach like I mean you you you you you know okay to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course course course course course to get I mean I mean well so back on track or to Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before we go to this this this this this podcast. Let me say a few things well um like so about the mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship group as Leaders. We know we know we know we know we know that we we we we we need the wisdom of a mentor like uh okay okay to help us focus on what matters matters matters matters matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too you know uh well well often finding that person person person person person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if um like okay uh uh uh uh uh we do find them then on the other side of the world or is is is is is I mean I mean well so too expensive or they just don't have the the the the the time. I've been mentoring people now for over so like okay so 30 years years years years years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've okay well well well well well um well been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people people people people people how I can I mean um well like help more people. So I have have have have have created an online community called the mentorship um uh like um group here. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship like well so uh sessions. You You You You You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world world world world world you know okay I mean okay for a fraction of the cost that this this this this this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and and and on uh like okay okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and and and and and review the um uh you know like podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas arkansas arkansas arkansas arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts I mean you you you you you know you know I mean are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te te te te te and Gordon today. We well okay um uh will be discussing brocco brocco brocco brocco brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just uh I mean you know know know know know uh want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium um okay okay okay okay okay like so. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who's been um uh like you know learning along with us over the past. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be 60 plus days if you uh well well uh are interested in sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to you know like so I I I I I mean the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through through through through through uh like um I mean our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can you you you you you can you can you can you can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your so so so so so okay okay uh host Simon and in today's episode. This is this is this this this this this is this is this is the audio version of video so um I I I I I mean so that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like like like like like this show, like well you know like please do consider leaving us a review or ever ever ever ever ever get your podcasts. That would so like uh uh be awesome and let's get into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy spy spy spy spy bungles on the you know I mean I mean uh 21st of July 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway um you know well well well well well I mean seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless victim so okay I mean um was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist attack. And the murder was just another like uh like like blunder by a country country country country country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been so so well well well well well so some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those well well well well well you know okay so Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list list list list list. I will say um I mean um so that this is a collaboration with with with with with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go so go so go so go so go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts well well well well well you know okay um the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll podcast. We talked about extension you know like well you know crises, alcoholism and and and and and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and wisdom and wisdom and wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom and wisdom and what art okay you know well you know is thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached well well well well well uh uh so out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to to to to to see you. It's been okay like um uh many years. So I've been looking looking looking looking looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about about about about about child you know you know uh well sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major Major Major Major Major protests major protests major protests major protests major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal proposal proposal proposal proposal you know um uh you know of a Bill, that would have disposed the the the the the sentences of child sex offenders okay uh uh so if they married their victims in in in in in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay uh January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced. Backpack Internationals new I mean um you know okay briefing paper. I likes these whirring events events events events events in its calls for the government to address the well like um so enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and and and and and uh well um so I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as as as as as so far and want uh you know uh I mean to touch another thing thing thing thing thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline okay well so so so so so well Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out out out out out and about be kind and like I mean so like I notice when I listen listen listen listen listen back to it that I said be nice okay uh uh like. It's not not not not not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD like uh uh uh uh uh like um kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do do do do do okay you know uh so the top 10 that we did for for for for for my birthday. And for and for and for and for and for Hazel's birthday will you you you you you know okay you know so do it for a week as birthday and we'll do do do do do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the okay so uh uh top 10. Introduce Rica to to to to to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just well uh well you know why why why why why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare snare snare snare snare um like um well drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with with with with with Dan Bailey where you know you know I mean okay we discuss five things to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid when working on a session for an artist you know you know like um Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty um uh uh uh uh uh you know uh first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released released released released released his video you know uh well you know series that Bailey method Parts one and and and and and two recorded that his own Studio track land okay uh so okay in Orange County in part part part part part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and so um okay you know ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is is is is is okay like like uh rare. So you so you so you so you so you see see see see see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's okay you know I mean uh amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for for for for for specific I mean I mean like um applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey spelled be a you know um I mean uh IL e why.com and and and and and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal deal deal deal deal well so like so. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one one one one one glass of you know, Verde you know I mean like okay. I'm two two two two two I'm two I'm two I'm two I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know know know know know what vinho Verde is um okay I mean I mean going to Trader Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's pick it up. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like 495 it's worth. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time time time time time to But well well I mean I mean it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no no no no no section for it, it's not like you okay well well so can be like, like, like, like, like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle so like well I mean mean mean mean mean if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green um um um um um um uh I mean. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This This This This This is one you know like I mean you know type of woman alone, which is why why why why why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. My guest so uh okay you know today is a high school friend and and and and and former coworker. She joins me to share her I mean okay like um emotional story of of of of of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School School School School School. This girl was always um I mean um like smiling. She had she had she she she she she had she had she had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to to to to to be like uh well okay around even to this day. She is still full of of of of of life and so are I mean um uh so her kids. I love her her her her her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her well I mean uh you you you you you know love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining joining joining joining joining episode uh like like um 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting I I I I I mean uh you know I mean down with actor on my heart for for for for for a long time. You know him from I mean well uh uh these various parts parts parts parts parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power you know you know know know know know like um of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots lots lots lots lots of things uh uh well like like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They They They They They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose um you you you you you know okay like farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good good good good good actor. He's um like okay I mean a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey you know know know know know well so okay everybody. Hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this this this this this so much we had like uh like I mean to you know, bring it back back back back back and do it again twice. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what I'm so so like uh talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Marc a Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining uh I mean you know like like like like like will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie movie movie movie movie with I mean like uh okay Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark a Altman every day on well um uh like electric. Now. How do do do do do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo well you know know know know know so you know TV and soon the electric now app and you just have have have have have to pick one. You uh I mean I mean well don't have to to to to to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as as as as as we so you know um uh bring you the 4:30 movie in your house house house house house in person. Hey, this is Marc a uh uh uh um Altman from from from from from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James you you you you you know so okay so Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book book book book book Nobody Does it um okay so you know Better the complete uncensored oral history history history history history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty like you know uh like like like like like Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is so so so so so okay so well Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy boy boy boy boy. Do we have okay like okay um a special guest for you crystallinity from from from from from socks in the basement podcast. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can follow well well um well them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I I I I I appreciate you jumping in with us so uh okay uh to talk some White Sox baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to I mean you know like like like like like well be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other other other other other well you know well you know people. So I'm going to completely screw screw screw screw screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having like well well okay me on the show show show show show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement so uh so so right right right right right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it I mean so so so so so you know you know really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect expect expect expect expect to get as big as like well I mean okay it's turned into and now we're we're we're we're we're you know, we got this live event of cork you know like so um um um um um and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying well like I I I I I mean so out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and and and and and we're going to be I mean so um I mean going to two shows a a a a a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host host host host host Mike summer, okay well well you know and I want to help you buy sell and and and and and trade your way into a collection you'll you know I mean I mean I I I I I mean love. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and thank thank thank thank thank you for joining me for another episode today. I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I mean you know I mean want to ask you a a a a a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if you know okay like um the the the the the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or or or or or like okay okay like worse? I think if you really stop and think about about about about about it and honest answer uh uh so you know for some of you would would would would would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away well well like uh uh uh uh uh and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why so why so so so so so why so why so why not try I mean so like I mean make make make make make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which which which which which uh okay um um is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast uh you know I mean um right from your phone or or or or or your computer and after you're done they'll like okay you know so distribute your your your your your podcast for you on Spotify. I will I will I will I will I I I I I will podcast in many other places you know I mean okay I mean. So download download download download download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored off. I'm to well you know you know uh get Ready? Hey, so we we we we we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member well well well well well um okay well Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Michael Carboni. This is this is this is this is this is um well well well well well uh I mean episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the the the the the rugby league you know uh well I mean podcast. Fans who are passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate about saying the game played in more places. All you know like okay I mean right, right, right, right, right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got a very special I mean I mean I mean I mean guest guest guest guest guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new new new website life uh I mean well well and football.com. Once again, the website is is is is is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams okay okay okay so. Plus it is is is is is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are so like you know know know know know um behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl game against okay like so uh Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has has has has has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand like you know okay okay down Wyoming Wyoming Wyoming Wyoming Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they so so so so so well I mean well have going on over there. I love what they are are are are are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let I mean uh uh so me explain it's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and um uh so okay edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast so okay so so so so so like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and many more you okay uh you know you know can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to so so um um um um um I mean make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or or or good Echo so okay well so the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so well like uh like excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion uh I mean I mean well assets. Love Theology and and and and and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much well okay well like like like like like money you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life so uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North America's um okay well like largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining mining mining mining mining pools with professionalism and um I mean well um an intense customer focus. They provide provide provide provide provide a top-notch user experience and have a great like well well um selection selection selection selection selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable notable notable notable notable altcoins um so well okay to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched launched launched launched launched their mining pool in October. So well like I mean well be sure to go go go go go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor like so you know I I I I I mean is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it I I I I I mean you know okay well if you as listeners would support the show by Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting them you can find them online I mean well uh so at Luxor dot dot dot dot dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech I mean I I I I I mean so okay Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast the best crypto mining podcast in so well okay so the history of the the the the the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by uh um so so so so so so mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects projects projects projects projects. We so we so we so we so we so like so so talk talk talk talk talk about masternodes. We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk a little little little little little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has like you know like well an an an an an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at uh like like like like like like so the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who so so so so so like I mean well was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Gate called Beautiful where uh um like well he was put every day to beg beg beg beg beg from those going into the temple courts um uh I mean so when he he he he he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money uh so like like like like like okay Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us us us us us. So the man well okay so like gave them his attention expecting to to to to to get something from them. Then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City uh uh uh uh uh so well well in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths sociopaths sociopaths sociopaths sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat like I mean um okay fight after after after after after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's okay you you you you you know okay uh interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty hopeless. Japan was mired uh well okay so in Endless deflation every news piece piece piece piece piece on South Korea showed row upon row uh I mean uh like of empty empty empty empty empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice um you know know know know know so I mean eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the the the the the founder was a bit uh okay okay um of a contrarian who believed the the the the the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was I mean uh you know uh uh uh uh uh looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we we we we we already had I mean uh okay so FX in the region but back in those those those those those days. It was almost like the trading uh okay well um job was unionized if if if if if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and and and and and Steph well you know like uh podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was I mean uh like you know the weekend? It It It It It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep um uh uh uh uh uh I mean well in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is is is is is rough uh like so um being back here in PA, but it was all right right right right right. I can't complain man, you know uh you know okay so on Friday. We had a a a a a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed well um well well well well well well her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and and and and and well like you know I mean seek and they have internal and oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I don't know if you should go well okay okay I mean back to Florida. It It It It It is full of really really weird people but it also has so you know know know know know uh you know Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of first first first first first of first of first of first of well like like I mean all going to to to to to look at a summary of what happens in seems one okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned King you know okay like okay Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has has has has has done something bad to get the crown well so I mean you know. He says says says says says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote I quote I quote quote quote quote quote I quote I quote still hopes that okay you know um um this this this this this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief um um um um um um I mean okay guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his his his his his best friend. Of course that's out like um so uh on a horse ride with with with with with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid like you know so I mean mean mean mean mean. He says he says he says he says he says that having the crown crown crown crown crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to okay well okay like be be be be be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is is is is is you know so so well a threat to his crown saying there is none but but but but but he whose being I do I mean okay like well fear Macbeth noted The The The The The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have like you know so so sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be I mean okay okay okay okay okay well um drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the the the the the so like so I mean self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom mom mom mom mom. If you read to shake the okay uh um uh sleeping self, you know know know know know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, so um like so so so so so but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my my my my my heart so I mean uh like in my soul not because she tries to stir stir stir stir stir up trouble but just because she you know so I mean okay has has has has has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life I I I I I mean you know uh okay and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey well like like like like like well I mean of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most most most most most of the okay uh so so perceived problems and worries going on in our heads heads heads heads heads could be changed by embracing. The simple the simple the simple the simple the simple uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know fact that we all only have one life and and and and and that none of us are promised another okay um like so day on this this this this this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status so so so so so so you know okay after all would you seriously stay in the job you you you you you hate or the relationship that okay uh like so makes you miserable. If you you you you you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you know um uh so so so so so you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't okay okay okay okay okay uh uh I mean be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I I I I I interview I interview I interview I interview I interview people who are uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you have you have you have you have you thought about making your your your your your own podcast? Have you have you have you have you have you thought thought thought thought thought about views and okay so like so opinions and expertise you would like to to to to to share with the world? Well anchor is the like you know um uh easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you okay uh uh uh uh uh you know well everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can easily download you know like okay I mean it onto your mobile device or or or or or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools so well you know like allowing you to to to to to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute I I I I I mean so you know so your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so so so so so many more and the um you know um okay best part you can easily easily easily easily easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership uh like like well. So go go go go go download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- well well well well well you know um uh to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 102 102 102 102 of the I mean so you know like two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My like you know know know know know uh uh name is Kelly Scheib. For those for those for those for those those those those those for those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined you you you you you know like so you know by my co-host Steve now we are so we had had had had had a plan for today and okay like okay okay as is typical with with with with with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known okay so I mean okay okay okay okay okay virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly well well well well well I mean like I mean relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it it it it it weren't you just in, uh okay so I mean California. Yeah, I was and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is I mean okay I mean uh originated originated originated originated originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United um well well well well well uh like States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked at you they haven't like you know know know know know um uh even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the the the the the experts like I mean I mean so we have here today to talk to to to to to us. So today so today so today so today so today we are joined by by by by by well like well um dr. Patel. Yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter I mean mean mean mean mean like uh like and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity Clarity Clarity Clarity Clarity and so like um uh closure. What kind what kind what kind what kind kind kind kind kind what kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me me me me me okay uh you know like for my work and telling me how just in a a a a a short period of time. He's you know like so so in a situation where where where where where I guess his he's been married. And he's and he's and he's and he's and and and and and he's in the okay I mean um um process of getting a divorce with with with with with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago I mean like uh okay. He He He He He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the so so so so so the so the so the so the uh uh you know well interesting thing thing thing thing thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, uh uh uh uh uh okay you know well but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun fun fun fun fun and hooking up with his um I mean um like wife without any kind of attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening guys and welcome to to to to to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with you know well um I I I I I mean only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, things, things, things, things, you know well you know you know but if man were here episode the first first first first first episode really looking forward to getting some okay so I mean I mean contest Soma Soma Soma Soma Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we um um um um um like I mean like first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's let's let's let's let's just start a podcast and um uh like um four weeks later. We expect expect expect expect expect that one is following a few months now and telling I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my my my my my I don't remember um okay um I mean that day like yesterday device right here is is is is is a kind of weird one were I mean well I mean well both jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the okay well well well well well uh I mean world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and and and and and nasty place and so like okay I mean I don't care how tough you you you you you are. It will beat you to your knees and you know okay um uh uh uh uh uh keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit hit hit hit hit you know um um so as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you you you you you hit it's about how hard uh well like okay you can get hit and keep keep keep keep keep moving forward how much you can take and you know so well so keep moving moving moving moving moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're uh so so so so so you know I mean worth then go out and get what you're worth. But But But But But you gotta be willing to so I mean you know so take the hits and and and and and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna uh um uh so be be be be be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so you better than that. It's about how hard you can can can can can get hit and uh okay like uh keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We okay like well well well well well well know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it it it it it. And we're I mean I mean you know uh I think timed it perfectly. All right right right right right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what I mean well um so three three three three three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that so I mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a week but maybe Monday um you know well well well well well I mean here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Sorry. I uh um you know I mean got my week mixed up Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't know uh okay like uh what that means. It's something political political political political political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday um uh um like. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode so like like like like like like uh. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to to to to to uh you know like like join this week because he is on spring break break break break break. He's living it up uh well I mean I mean in Spain. What What What What What up what up what up what up what up Christian are you doing? But this week week week week week we have three very well you know uh okay special guests from Lehigh University University University University University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, I mean so you you you you you know like dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the the the the the unsolved you know well you know well murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the the the the the state of Kentucky. She was found okay um like um on her college campus strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to so uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown that night to um so um so hear more episodes like this follow follow follow follow follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you get your so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is is is is is advised this like okay I mean well episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder murder murder murder murder and assault that some people may find offensive you know uh so well. We advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this podcast is in conjunction with the so so like uh layer Aid conference which which which which which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 so you know know know know know like uh in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the the the the the first one to solely focus on I mean okay so okay social engineering and open source source source source source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators um uh okay like always seemed to to to to to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories uh uh uh uh uh well you know so through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill fill fill fill fill a whole presentation you know okay you know I mean and not all storytellers storytellers storytellers storytellers storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast well uh you know you know will only be stories told told told told told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for for for for for 45 like I mean so you know minutes. I hope I hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views views views views views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily so so like okay stay or or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the so uh uh uh uh uh okay okay views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This This This This well uh so I mean is the show that explores the far ends of human human human human human experience. And today we're you know I mean so uh looking at one of of of of of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean story about for men and for women who are locked locked locked locked locked inside this enormous glass dome for I mean um I mean I mean two two two two two years just to see what would happen. And as and as and as and and and and and as and as you'd imagine it you know you know well you know all went a a a a a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think I think I think I think think think think think I think things started to get a uh um I mean um bit uncomfortable rarely about about about about about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively um like I I I I I mean like that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, here we go go go go go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want uh okay you know know know know know um to be your Canary. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's a final fantasy podcast. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are coming to you from multiple I mean I mean I mean I mean States States States States States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and and and and and it's time I mean uh uh I mean. I love I love I love love love love love I love I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say say say say say it. You sound like you know like you know uh you're trying to be a a a a a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I mean well um um um um um um I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet yet yet yet yet okay like um you know because we had a little bit of a hangout if if if if if you watch the Vlog that uh well okay like we posted at by the time time time time time you listen to this a few weeks you know well like so ago we found found found found found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our I mean so so well well well well well project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in so so so so so I mean um uh the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've we've we've we've we've now recorded a podcast in well well you know uh three different places. This is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a a a a a week and okay you know you know like a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and you you you you you know so well so this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of of of of of chilling Adventures of so okay uh like Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called called called called called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't well well well um forget guys guys guys guys guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our our our our our so uh um uh recap roundups. Our best our best our best our best our our our our our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be I mean like like like like like like um sure to stick around for that. We also we also we also also also also also we also we also have our contest going on right you know so I mean mean mean mean mean um now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and and and and and a so so you know um pop socket. To enter just written comments on on on on on our iTunes page and you'll be well like so I mean entered in in in in in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale you you you you you know well so okay season for so we have lots of time as always to to to to to or containing listeners okay you know well uh in a brand new ones. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and well okay you know um um um um um subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it it it it it okay so okay uh the season finale. What do you think? It was it was was was was was good? It was really you know um so well good. They're a couple things that that that that that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process process process process process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin like okay I mean okay bring on comedians comedians comedians comedians comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with well uh uh uh uh uh so like Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women women women women women get eliminated and um like you know um by women, I mean mean mean mean mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week I mean so well like like like like like and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This This episode so um I mean well includes discussions of drug use and violence that some some some some some people may find offensive. We um um so so advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s so like okay well at at at at at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the the the the the quiet Campground as president uh um uh I mean of the Oakland Charter Charter Charter Charter Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's well I mean mean mean mean mean okay okay what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels I mean like you know uh flag. It featured a redesigned logo that that that that that had been strung up by some members okay you know okay you know of the the the the the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were they were they were they were they were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other other other other other okay so well okay religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order order order order order to um so uh so reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was was was was was driving to visit a friend while listening like you know okay I mean to to to to to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly you know know know know know I mean okay like recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one one one one one of the speakers in so well so well my car. My current workload prevents prevents prevents prevents prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead like so so um of Music I've had to to to to to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only okay I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because because because because because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go go go go go to Anchor dot. F well okay so uh m-- to get started guys. This is by far far far far far anchors the best way okay uh I mean okay to download and record your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's It's It's It's It's you know um uh uh by far the best platform I've used. I've used I've used used used used used I've used I've used I've used other platforms, and I'm so well uh um like like like like like happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're I I I I I mean okay okay you know interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested interested interested interested interested as well. Hey, what's up, you know uh you know you know man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has has has has has like so um you know another partner that person by the way, for those those those those those of you don't know has so well you know uh a special term. It's It's It's It's It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So so uh well well well well well um your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with with with with with your um um you know um partner. And so you have a metamour and and and and and you want to know this person. Maybe uh well uh uh you want to to to to to To be friends with them. Maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which like uh uh so is the idea idea idea idea idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour uh uh um um um um um um that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours yours yours yours yours or theirs and like um like okay have a cup of coffee and hang out out out out out. Maybe you want to be besties and you okay you know um uh know know know know know gang up on your partner from time to time or have well like like okay okay okay okay okay threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's um uh uh uh uh uh you know okay in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all all all all all things well um okay so travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited excited excited excited excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle uh you know um well and to find find find find find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing um okay you you you you you know so you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG OG OG OG OG Neverland okay you know you know you know boys a group of creatives creatives creatives creatives creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that I mean okay so well well well well well sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having having having having having me um like like you know. So Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach so so so so so Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A so okay okay okay okay okay well you know lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off off off off off when our laptops okay I mean well I mean and a lot of people people people people people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and um okay okay so so so so so get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we we we we we so well uh so are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes notes notes in you know like uh so a hotel room me they always have those Bibles Bibles Bibles Bibles Bibles and and I opened it okay you know I mean I mean. I was was was was was I was I was I was I was reading it through and it it it it it said if anyone ever comes to well okay well uh you saying all is is is is is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of so you you you you you know so you know have that habit of of of telling us all is well well well well well and your own like I mean I mean uh words. And so okay. So what so what what what what what so what so what so what I'm getting at is are there good angels and uh uh uh uh uh okay like so bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is is is is is a stream like you know um like of well-being which you are allowing or not not not not not. And what we've noticed about any okay okay well so who who who who who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their I I I I I mean I mean well um alignment with that stream of well-being because not being being being being being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that uh I mean okay you know know know know know is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll uh I'll uh I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll uh I'll uh I'll uh um um like be your host and I have have have have have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with you uh like well you you you you you know today. And in and in and in and in and in this episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did uh uh okay okay I come come come come come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so so okay you know know know know know you know over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and and and and and I was like so um so thinking that I really wanted to work and focus focus focus focus focus on my creativity and when I started you know um well so the semester I I I I I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I I I I I realized uh I mean uh you know that a lot of my friends were were were were were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very okay okay uh um young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting announcement uh um I mean like. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast I I I I I mean you know like like Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and and and and and romance related as uh I mean like like you know, I am both a a a a a reader of and author of romance fiction like uh well well and Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh so of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance romance romance romance romance knows well um um like the value of self-care. So we're so we're so we're so so so so so we're so we're really excited to be a part of this well I mean well so so so so so community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other other other other other podcasts on you know um I mean so the Frolic Network. It includes one of my my my my my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy um you know like like books, which is Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have like okay you know know know know know uh been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering offering offering offering offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional content about the so uh you know know know know know okay world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the most notorious like um you know you know subjects every week in addition to your your your your your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the okay you know okay uh most most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us us us us us explore ideas. Ideas, well uh you know I mean like motivation method and Madness and and and and and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you know um like so you can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to uh okay like like like like like I mean podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the the the the the description uh okay I mean like today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what what what what what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here here here here here well okay uh okay we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So So So So So we hope you guys you know you know well I mean have enjoyed those but but but but but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean like the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make make make make make the I mean you know like uh goal every morning to wake up up up up up at 5:00. Like this like this like this like this like this is some some some some some sight. It was uh well well like six was it safe and James woke up at at at at at 4:00 and we just felt prom um um well you know justified in sleeping till till till till till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with us so like well okay again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're we're we're we're we're going to do this ourselves in okay um so uh a minute, but guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean I mean this for a year. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe well um well well well well well you know that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, us, us, us, us, you know, occasionally we um uh uh um do say things that are not not not not not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other uh um like uh in in in in in the course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost almost almost almost almost so well you know uh zero prep. We just kind of come from from from from from wherever we are and we sit down um uh uh I mean and and and and and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but I mean um um um um um so okay Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad glad glad glad glad that I you know you know well like don't think it's ever happened to Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad you got me last last last last last week like you know um I mean on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to La world. I'm so so so so so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I so okay so I mean was supposed to be be be be be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans well I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was it was was was was was it was it was it was just a lot of stuff going well well well well well well so well on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had had had had had I mean uh um so so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go go go go go get my pap okay um like you know. Smear I have errands to run run run run run I was linking with people that I see in a you know so so so so so I mean I mean while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying staying staying staying staying in New Orleans and my mom okay well like okay house and then then then then then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm well well well well well uh like like finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and and and and and no one's here right now, you know like well well which is kind kind kind kind kind of rare. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm trying to record record record record record before somebody try to come so uh okay uh get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and and and and and well um okay okay my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have have have have have loved Advocates keeping it raw well um I mean um and real on Womanhood culture culture culture culture culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about you know okay I mean okay scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting well you know know know know know so uh this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known known known known known truth because I so well like I mean said being a mean and a sample sample sample sample sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and views and views and views and views views views views views and uh uh like well opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any any any any any are not automatically endorsed by um uh um you know us? Okay now now now now now okay now okay now okay now okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, so like um like I believe I can never keep track its right right right right right broker. I was right like I mean you know so. Yeah. Boom one one one one one boom one boom one boom one boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already already already already already typed in there wait for uh uh okay like your intro on the the the the the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's well that's well that's well that's that's that's that's that's well that's well uh um um extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in uh you know I mean like the maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm so I mean mean mean mean mean you know um up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like like like like like almost always so um um uh cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm warm warm warm warm muggy ish that weather that okay you know uh you know we're used to being known known known known known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like it's like so like like I mean it's been positive degree temperature every day for the the the the the last I think week something like okay like like you know that. Well, it it it it it well, it well, it well, it well, it sucks here so good for you wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it whether it whether it whether it whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This This This This This well so uh okay episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for okay um I mean uh children under 13 13 13 13 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's okay so um um gone home home home home home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air you know know know know know well I mean um and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic arctic arctic arctic arctic tundra broken um so uh I mean up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to to to to to have a friendsgiving with your roommate um I mean um so you swap stories stories stories stories stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late like well so I I I I I mean enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more more more more more chips and well okay I mean like jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, choice, choice, choice, choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line um I mean mean mean mean mean like you know. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with with with with with hot dogs for uh uh you know I mean everyone. Oh, those oh, those oh, those those those those those oh, those oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at at at at at the space amusement okay like so so park is one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry like uh uh so Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin. You might you might you might you might you might want to cool with that that that that that funnel cake. We all we all we all we all we all know are uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I definitely remember that okay well okay okay because you're the only person I I I I I know who loves funnel cake more than I do uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean Franklin. Yeah. Good old good old good old good old good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting down the top well um so you know 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years years years years years in today's episode we go back to the Year I mean you know okay um um um um um 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two two two two two counts you know well okay okay of murder, but he also had another trial trial trial trial trial two years later if you enjoyed the like so so I mean episode be sure to to to to to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our well well well well well well um you know March. Edna special edna special edna special edna special edna special as always always always always always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your like you know I I I I I mean uh podcasts. Millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of I mean you know know know know know well um ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew brew brew brew brew well like uh well ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just just just just just made me itchy. My name my name my name my name my name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last uh uh uh uh uh well well like few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes unavoidable it blares okay uh well uh again and again when you can no no no no no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you you you you you ready yourself you um you know um uh scroll through ooh your data stream oh you you you you you think I have a dentist appointment this week I mean okay so uh as you you you you you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold you know okay like like like like like I mean programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the the the the the precise temperature well um I mean well you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees feels like but you remember it was okay like um like cold yesterday and dress dress dress dress dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas. And today we like so uh like have a very very special treat for for for for for you. Dr. Carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis and I well well well well well well like um sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex waveform chronic pain like so um so and the future of neuromodulation. Now if if if if if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo like um you know you know know know know know Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the the the the the like I mean like well founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Pain Pain Pain Pain Center. And for the record uh um you know uh some Jenks Jenks Jenks Jenks Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his well you you you you you know okay I mean team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, dawg fam? Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health I mean so so so so so like okay podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of of of of of dialed Health, which you know like um um is strength training for cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts you know like like like like like so uh are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore Austin in do thank so um like I mean you so much for this idea because because because because because he noticed that most of my um so uh so Programs and pretty much all all all all all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form I mean so um um um um um um of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it is it is is is is is it is it is it something that really okay I mean well so is better better better better better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're I mean like like like like like I mean well going to break down the science and we're also going to to to to to break down some reality so like you know um because you know, all the science science science science science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life um uh well so factors factors factors factors factors. I think I think I think I think I think so, we'll talk about about about about about both and then really why I choose um like so like to do them and and and and and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists okay um uh so so so so so. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And well well well well well so I mean uh as you can see, my energy is on such a different different different different different level than it was I mean you know well like for episode 1. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many well so you know well well well well well great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app uh okay so you know today and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio audio audio book summaries on personal okay you know I mean you know development productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to so so so so so um I mean um work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead instead instead instead instead of hours. Go you know like okay okay to Quick read.com app and download our app app app app app for free today. Summary of the Fine I mean you know well um Art of small small small small small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated um okay okay okay okay okay um okay by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine deborah fine fine fine fine fine deborah fine deborah fine deborah fine was overweight shy and so you know like um um um um um often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was it was it it it it it was it was it was when her third so well um you know grade grade grade grade grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you've ever thought about you know okay like well starting your own podcast, but but but but but you're not really sure how to get started like you know um um um um um um. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use use use use use to uh I mean so I mean host this podcast. So if you you you you you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made uh um I mean I mean on anchor we just just just just just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just just just just just um um okay you know hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different different different different different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google I mean I mean well like Stitcher all all all all all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All um um um um um I mean you know well it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m m m m m or download the mobile I mean I mean well so app on your your your your your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we we we we we appreciate we appreciate uh I mean uh uh each and every one of you guys guys guys guys guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do do do do do this I mean I mean so okay without you. So be sure at the the the the the end of the show to leave a review um so you know you know join join join join join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the okay like I mean mean mean mean mean okay pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's so today's so today's so today's so so so so so today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before but before but before but before but before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know know know know know um like so podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit I mean um you know like your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so uh like like. So it so it so it so it so it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know um like like like like like uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make so I mean so uh a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app or go to so I mean so um Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and welcome to the speaking for I mean you know well um the bag bag bag bag bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag um um um um um well so um. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe believe believe believe believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you have you have you have you have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you if you if you if you if you struggle to get your workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts in if you want to do some so you know well you know workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really I mean mean mean mean mean so um you know struggle to find the time or if you travel travel travel travel travel a lot then you need this plan so well I mean okay. Now, I've now, now, now, now, now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK UK UK UK UK. I'll repeat again like okay so uh. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home home home home home hit plan is a four-week plan which well well you know you you you you you know consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get get get get get like I mean you know um access to the audio trainer app. Which Which Which Which Which has all video tutorials of how to do I mean like I mean okay every every every every every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you know okay okay okay okay okay like um you might get a chair up some point, but very very very very very very very minimal equipment and well um well well stuff that you can find around the house house house house house. And so if you answered yes okay so like uh to any of them them them them them questions at the start go and get the planet is well so so um um um um um also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we we we we we um um um okay go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's just make this one on. Becoming I mean so so I mean extraterrestrial and and and and and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take take take take take okay I mean so um a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you you you you you know. Oh, here we go like uh so you know. My favorite guide guide guide guide guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, so you know well well well well well you know you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young young young young young uh well you know I mean child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in in in in in the living and while we you know so like okay watch WWE, so the the the the the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to well well well well well I mean well uh share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind kind kind kind kind of think it's kind of um well I mean well funny actually to be be be be be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you like uh uh um want want want want want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I um so okay okay okay okay okay uh dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my my my my my age that well so okay okay I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one one one one one of the dumbass fucking dating okay so uh like sites online dating sites Plenty Plenty Plenty Plenty Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh you know all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the the the the the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're so we're so uh okay I mean up to episode 17 which has been a a a a a lot of fun and we're um like you know um certainly getting through these these these these these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a um I mean okay you know know know know know lot of different people. And today and today and today and today and today I have have have have have another very special guest who like um okay well goes by the Instagram handle of grand grand grand grand grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well I mean okay so good, mate. Thank you for having me. No worries worries worries worries worries no worries no worries no worries no worries at all. It's it's a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure. Come and okay you know okay okay talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation nation nation nation nation find your Saving well um like well Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, right, right, right, right, you know what? Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode is about it's okay I mean um okay about the coronavirus and and and and and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc I mean um um um um um um you know season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There There There There There will be no um well I mean like more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really really really really really following that way like so so um gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't get a script shit, you know where else okay you know I mean um far far away away away away away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's well I mean mean mean mean mean um uh finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / / / / / bogomil new uh so like well March go get yours now. That's it. You You You You You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are super cheap ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom. Doors uh I mean um well /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit shit shit shit shit together. We got we got we got we got we got that um okay um um um um um okay shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So So So So So fucking so fucking so fucking so fucking so fucking I mean well uh like much much much much much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many okay well okay like like like like like different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love Love Love Love Love it love it love it love it love it I mean I mean I I I I I mean um there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? now now now now You can get yours go. Okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess vigeland uh um okay like the host host host host host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're okay like well well well well well well going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team team team team team can stay uh like uh you know ahead of the curve the first episode of the the the the the think with um so I mean you know Google podcast drops on March 5th. You You You You You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen so uh well you know to podcasts. From Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm well so um um um um um um I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember remember remember remember remember like I mean okay um but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last last last last last spring I went to I mean uh you know like a therapist because I I I I I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential good stuff um so uh okay Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to uh um well well people much more interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also I mean like I I I I I mean so freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the first amount uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We We We We We were just discussing I mean I mean uh like how this is a test of of of of of your own medicine because you run around the world um like I mean well throwing my my my my my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us so so um well a call directly directly directly directly directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But like like like like like well you know uh here we are. So I'll give it give it my best best best best best real lovely you know well uh I mean. I also feel bad as well because obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously this morning you were on the uh I mean okay I mean road road road road road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to you know know know know know okay well um Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So So So So So I was um okay you know okay reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Day events, and I was on really I mean um uh uh well well well well well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason reason reason reason reason why uh um well um you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This This This This This is a an amazing platform you know you know uh I mean for anybody out out out out out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting well so okay I I I I I mean room get your voice heard out there. So if so if so if so if if if if if so if you haven't heard about anchor I mean um like so it's it's literally the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's well so so uh uh uh uh uh free. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from from from from from your phone well like well you know or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be um like I mean um heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not uh um um um um um I mean okay even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with with with with with no minimum listenership um you know uh uh. It's everything that you need to to to to to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the is the is the is the is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from from today's guests um I mean um you know are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love love love love love is founder and CEO of the gradient a uh like you know okay creative recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand brand brand brand brand you know okay uh well side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a so you know well so masters at Harvard Bennett leads leads leads leads leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter uh you know know know know know okay like and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined joined joined joined joined forces a you know um you know okay few months ago and we'll be launching the the the the the gradient in the coming weeks. Here okay I mean like you know are a couple couple couple couple couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted okay um uh okay to to to to to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just just just just just hey just hey just hey just jokes well like well I mean listeners before before before before before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to I mean um okay okay okay okay okay so thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way way way way way to so like you know well make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost cost cost cost cost any money. That's why we use it you know well like okay. There's a there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from uh uh okay um your phone and computer makes makes makes makes makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you so um okay okay okay okay okay I mean can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can make you know um like uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't don't don't don't don't know. Yeah, I mean well you know uh that works. That was good cool. I I I I I started I started I don't give a fuck well you know I mean well. I I I I I started I started I started I started I started sit the fuck down down down down down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a um well well well well well okay you know victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of of of of of the dark side so so okay okay Has Fallen Begun the Clone War War War War War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions well um so like. This is is is is is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling I mean mean mean mean mean um um well the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars on Disney plus I'm your um well so you know host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very very very very very uh well like I mean excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've we've we've we've we've and we've and we've and we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in okay okay okay okay okay so okay well the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the the the the the reigning Molokai you know well I mean so to Oahu grand champion and probably one one one one one of the best foilers in the okay um well um world. He does a a a a a bit of everything. But the but the but the but the but the reason we we we we we wanted to chat you know so um I mean with him today is not just just just just just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done okay so you know well well well well well some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James James James James James Casey. Welcome like um you know well to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for thanks for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So I'm going to get get get get get here like okay well I mean. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for for for for for the bit of wind coming on the so okay you know um weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm really excited. It was it was it was it was it was looking okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh not so good about seven days ago and and and and and the forecast is swung around and I mean like well you know they grinding going going going going going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name name name is well you know you know like AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have have have have have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We okay so well well have AC and and and and and we have myself. So we so we so we so we so we um, um, um, um, um, this is an interesting podcast because so so I mean okay this is going going going going going to be take two because we so I was sick two so okay well uh uh uh uh uh weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one one one one one then well well uh like and last week we did a podcast and you you you you you always have to have that one uh okay well um podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing doing doing it well you know like um in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805. The men of Lewis you know like okay you know and Clark's Corps of Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri well so okay so River River River River River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the you know you you you you you know okay okay sleeping men were so exhausted. They had they had they had they had had had had had they had no idea an intruder was in their midst uh like I mean so so so so so. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison bison bison bison bison meat like um like like that had been hung up to dry. If it if if if if if it if it if it if it decided it wanted to snack on okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean some humans. There would there would there would there would would would would would there would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that you know I mean um so our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor I mean okay you know okay it's the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools um um um um um well you know like that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer I mean so like well. I'm doing this ad from from from from from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will you know um you know I I I I I mean distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify I mean so you know like Apple podcasts and many more you can make money money money money money from your podcast with no so so um so minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't can't talk. It's everything you need to um well okay I mean make podcast in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F well uh so okay m-- to get started now back to the show show show show show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 okay um I mean so coming at you. We're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our okay well like you know boys boys boys boys boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we okay so um well talk to you about how you can start and and and and and grow your hardscaping business in this well you know okay uh week. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are going to be tackling a marketing week. That That That That That means every day this okay I mean well so week. You are likely going going going going going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So I mean okay well well well well well okay we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting starting starting starting starting with today's episode like you know I mean you know is Mark Morrison. Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right right right right right type of Clients you know um uh well for your business not just any clients, but but but but but the best clients into your business. How well um um you know do I identify them them them them them and how to get them into your business as leads okay so you know know know know know okay and where to take it from there? So an so an so an so so so so so an so an awesome interview coming up well well okay you you you you you know with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our well well well well well I mean like uh interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is is is is is a business so okay um uh development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services services services services services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make make make make make well you know you know okay a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and like okay you know uh edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast well you you you you you know I mean uh for you. So it so it so it so it so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other so um um um um um well um platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and and and and and our listenership I mean so um I mean is everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place. Base download the free um well you know know know know know like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the node or well well well well well you know I mean okay a podcast is your host young row row the mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor holler at a player but I okay well okay uh got all scheduled for for for for for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a um I mean I I I I I mean uh topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the like well like okay podcast. So a so a so a so a so a big question question question question question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube well well okay okay okay okay okay so channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store store store store store okay um uh so and they want to know what they actually have to get get get get get done prior to launch. So kind like like well I mean of the technicality is is is is is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche I mean mean mean mean mean so uh so how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can can can can can learn more so like so um about on my free training over at Dropship webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom. I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post a link to um you you you you you know um I mean that in the the description by the way Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship webinar.com, but once you know okay um uh you know all that stuff and and and and and you kind of understand how to build the business then uh okay uh okay the question is, is, is, is, is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you you you you you get your first so I mean I mean well sale? So I want to cover cover cover cover cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay couple different options you have and then let you know what I I I I I do and well like you know you know what I recommend so with that being said, said, said, said, said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a bad like so um I I I I I mean human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did did did did did I mean so so I mean two very much so good. Yes good. I I I I I was a safari I wasn't so hi uh um okay you know everyone. We are back back back back back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny um um um um um um um so. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good yeah good yeah good good good good good yeah good yeah good had a sizable break okay like so like. Yep. Yeah currently yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or or or or or because you you know okay okay so had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It It It It It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our our our our our okay I mean like um lesson on English to tell you a little little little little little bit about something called anchor uh you know I mean uh anchor is actually actually actually actually actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So uh uh um so so so so so if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What What What What What is I mean well I mean I mean anchor anchor is a free free free free free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record like so well you know and and and and and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes you you you you you know so uh like your podcast for you. So I so I so I I I I I so I so I don't have to track down apple and I mean like like like like like well uh Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just just just just just kind you know I mean well so of click the button and it goes all all all all all by itself. You can make money from well uh you know like these podcasts right right right right right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've like like like like like I mean well well written for them so that I can make a little bit of of of of of money off of like um you know uh this podcast. That's why it's free, right? right right right right I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th so you you you you you know okay so episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the the the the the weekend preview show I mean like okay um. We are going to talk talk talk talk talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova okay I I I I I mean I mean okay at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Bryant Bryant Bryant Bryant Denver at Notre Dame uh so um uh Duke at Loyola cuse at at at at at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan um you know so okay okay okay okay okay Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this like um um um um um so like show here before I get into it as always be sure to like like like like like subscribe hit uh um so um the notification Bell and then go to lacks factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom. You can get yourself some swag like uh so I mean t-shirts. We have all all all all all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single you know so um uh day and and and and and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by okay you know know know know know well you know far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find find find find find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and there's there's there's there's there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They so um okay I mean literally literally literally literally literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced spaced spaced spaced spaced apart my so well you know I mean words because Nick was saying I was was was was was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to uh well um um the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this you know okay uh uh uh uh uh I mean is my little kind of I guess you could say pod pod pod pod pod the caste. So um so um so um so um so um you know so so so so so okay I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in in in in in so okay I mean okay. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, who knows so What like um okay uh is this podcast about well, let let let let let me tell you as you can. See the name well so uh okay okay okay okay okay is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and I'm going like so uh uh to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about a statement I mean like uh I I I I I mean from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's it's it's it's it's an open relationship like okay well well with that. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay stay stay stay stay tuned. Welcome okay um I mean I mean to the quickie and first before before before before before we get into the show, if you haven't heard uh you know okay um um um um um about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast and like like um you know I encourage you to make your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to well okay well I mean mean mean mean mean download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why um uh uh uh uh uh like uh not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools tools tools tools tools I mean I mean you know I mean that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone so so you know okay or your computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie bestie bestie bestie bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I um well so well have just some random random random random random stuff. I want I want I want I want I want us to talk talk talk talk talk about before we talk about like like so like okay life. So last episode episode episode episode episode we both talked about how we were reading the like so um um Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say say say say say okay like you know well anything in case you haven't read but we totally totally totally totally totally recommend it Shea tell me if so um well I mean you would rather rather rather rather rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - uh so so so so so well so if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock rock rock rock rock right now. I even went so uh so okay to his Instagram account account account account account. I don't follow him just to see if people were you know I mean you you you you you know so commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this this this this this but um like so I mean that bad it's not that bad. I went went went went went to his Instagram because I don't know in like okay I mean I mean my my my my my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here here here with uh so so I mean Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super super super super super excited to have her she's hilarious um um you know like. I think you guys guys guys guys guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and um well you you you you you know well I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here here here here here with Hannah I mean you know I mean well from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels so like well so like comfortable in in in in in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never okay well well well well well you know you know safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much like like I mean well for coming. I like I like like like like like I like I like I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because because because because because like uh so like I feel like you're what I would be if I moved moved moved moved moved to LA like like uh you know you know you're an east coast and and and and and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being uh uh um well such a workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see I see I see I I I I I see I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
What is what is what is what is what is up guys? Welcome to to to to to the Sasha T show. So for this like I mean okay you know episode This This This This This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we so I mean mean mean mean mean so you know do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. So I'm just I mean um okay um about to go live with him him him him him right now. And this and this and this and this and this is what what what what what you're going well I mean like so to be hearing. So if if if if if you missed the live, this is your opportunity like so I mean uh to listen back on on on on on it. So here we go. There he is now in so so uh I I I I I mean okay we're going to be able to get started in just a few few few few few seconds invited them to uh uh I mean you know I not connecting and there is is is is is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an like like like like like I mean you know you know embargo episode today. This has nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So I mean so well you know know know know know yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look Look Look Look Look uh um um like similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think think think think think the discussion at all previous like okay I mean uh Lisa is on a a a a a separate video. So quick so quick so quick so quick so quick background long premium Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure corplan corporate okay um uh uh Channel 1993. I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's you know um uh um where we are at this very moment. We We We We We know that in the United States the death like well so so toll has climbed climbed climbed climbed climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based so like I I I I I mean um in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred. The so uh uh okay number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past past past past past a hundred you know you know like like. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases cases cases cases cases in Washington state alone. As I as I as I as I as I mentioned okay okay okay okay okay like uh well that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one one one one one the well you know well well nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case case case case case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who like um uh um had visited the Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome everybody here to another another another another another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah well like so um. Yeah the the the the the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the platform they will reason it up up up up up talk about things. You know, no you know okay like I mean rush rush rush rush rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some so so so so so so so you know things today we go get into it. And basically and basically and and and and and basically and basically and basically we go talk about the uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why why why why why well you know so I mean you have a Mac bitter truth to break break break break break it down and I'm going to well so okay okay get into it because a a a a a lot of people said, oh my God, you break um well uh you know down this this this this this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, well so you you you you you know like but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We We We We We gonna um um you know okay talk about that. Also, it's also, it's also, it's it's it's it's it's also, it's also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know okay um well um about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with with Hunter well so you know well all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson who is actually talk about but okay like okay so let's just say what he he he he he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up well well you know know know know know like with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very very very very very proud like like I mean um of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a like well um um junior here at BYU and I I I I I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh so out. There. Are you are you are you are you are you you you you you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you you know know know know know you know well you know serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia so so so so so so I mean you know Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded he he he he he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded warmly to the other pilots and I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean uh stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief brief brief brief brief flash of his security you know like uh um badge. He was a well-known figure figure figure figure figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight you know uh like uh uh uh uh uh Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to to to to to uh so um uh Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to to to to to offer free tickets to um you know um I mean all Pilots regardless of what company company company company company they worked for after a quick look at his PanAm you know um I mean mean mean mean mean you know ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard the next uh like okay uh available flight Frank settled into the jump seat seat seat seat seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged in Friendly.
Please take please take please take please take please take your seats quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and gentlemen okay you know so uh and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme in Dubai subba, um so like I mean Lanka Rises to the top in in in in in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down you know uh um well on on on on on her career. Everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and welcome to to to to to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans so well like you know know know know know for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're We're We're going you know um well well to be digesting the last couple of weeks on on on on on the ATP and WTA tours and okay like I mean so having a look. Was Was Was Was Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor um uh like okay Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's Oliver's Oliver's Oliver's Oliver's the Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia you know I mean uh well and and and and and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named so um um um um um well so to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some some some some some topics I mean I mean okay you know rarely taught by professors professors only show show show show show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, so okay I mean uh but rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just you know well well well well well I mean you know to name a few join me each week as I dive dive dive dive dive into these topics and much well okay um okay more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to to to to to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs okay so uh well Beauty. It's not it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not just lipstick its business. We will share a a a a a thought provoking conversations so um like I mean with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal goal goal goal goal our goal our goal our goal our goal is to empower motivate and and and and and inspire you um I mean so uh to take your business to to to to to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super like well well well well well uh so excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and and and and and interviewing like uh okay I mean Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada like you know like uh and she works on on on on on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and um um so so so so so um etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those well well well well well well well um things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with with with with with her about okay you know I mean you know what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys well so so so so so uh uh. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now now now now now well okay okay um before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick quick quick quick quick announcement. So the you know well like okay title of this podcast is called catch catch catch catch catch open me at the time that I started so I mean I mean uh this podcast. I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought you know, what like catching catching catching catching catching up with friends. Just talking um like well like about random stuff, you know know know know know catch up with me sounds like a good like um well okay title. But then then then then then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I so you you you you you know you know okay started to figure out what the theme of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast should be. So if so if so if so if so if you I I I I I mean uh um well know notice a lot of the things that we covered from from from from from the past few episode you know so I mean um is about mental health growing growing growing growing growing up and things we deal with as a teenager uh so okay so or as as as as as a young adult. So with so with so with so with so with that that that that that said the new title of the podcast like so uh uh will be basically basically basically basically basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this uh uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean podcast should be. So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically growing up up up up up is going to be having guess hopping onto the okay so you know know know know know so podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the the the the the I mean you know um like upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your Boy tone and I'm your so like well I mean boy Brett and the the the the the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got so um well well well well well well a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then and then and then then then then then and then and then we're going to get into our um uh I mean you know know know know know AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So So So So So the only I mean you know like so real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life Life Life Life Life podcast little Daniel like um so okay. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring staring staring staring staring at him. He's there he's there he's there he's there he's there on on on on on the um um you know okay floor and he's giggling every once in a a a a a while and hopefully going to let me you know okay I mean so so so so so do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I I I I I am going to talk so okay okay I mean about why we decided decided decided decided decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I I mean okay so so so so so I mean get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns concerns concerns concerns concerns and what to I mean uh um um look for if you are thinking about purchasing purchasing purchasing purchasing purchasing an old house and then make sure you know you know you know so to stay all all all all all the way to the end because I just started a new um you know know know know know so like segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I I I I I answer uh okay like um a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa mom of six and creator of um like so uh the blog and YouTube channel channel channel channel channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you um okay well well well well well like my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh uh uh uh uh you know so well topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with with with with with my purpose in life um like you know uh. This is something that I I I I I think pretty much every man struggles with because the uh well I mean mean mean mean mean like reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not okay okay okay okay okay okay um um always going to feel like things are going to work out out out out out in your favor okay uh uh you know. You're not always going to feel feel feel feel feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going um I mean uh I I I I I mean to be really great and you're going to be full of passion passion passion passion passion and feel inspired. And you know like um like other days it's going to to to to to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and okay uh you know uh you're you're you're you're you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear ear ear ear ear I mean uh like well and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've you've you've you've you've embarked on or um I mean so um that business you want to build or or or or or that career you want to have like okay well so is just unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy I mean uh well well well well well well who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This I I I I I mean um so like is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 4 4 4 4 and like we you know I mean uh like have described in the last last last last last couple of episodes. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have a very high bar well like so so on the show. And this is the the the the the first show that we are doing in um um you know I mean the greatest month month month month month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated okay so you know know know know know you know it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan fan fan fan fan the best okay okay you know so coverage that he or she can get on a a a a a regular basis and you know so okay so you think about the idea of of of of of transcending a space and you think about the great like so uh well speeches that we we we we we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn I mean uh uh uh uh uh so um into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King King King King King during like okay okay okay his memorable life and that brought me on on on on on the ride over to the you know okay like like studio today to to to to to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the she's the she's she's she's she's she's the she's the she's the wife to uh uh uh um a motto and and and and and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison um I mean mean mean mean mean um so also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a a a a a names do okay well well I mean you get them all mixed up? She has has has has has a Bachelor of Science degree in okay you know you know so criminal justice justice justice justice justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee I mean mean mean mean mean well like um with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she she she she she and her husband served okay uh so like as executive pastors for South Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she however, she however, she however, she she she she she however, she um so you know um feels her greatest: is being a mother mother mother mother mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm so so so so so like I mean um here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is is is is is everything? How are you so like well okay dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you you you you you like just chilling in your room or well I mean I mean so you you you you you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like so so so so so okay well I mean you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the the the the the medium like well I mean like and together. We are we are we are we are are are are are we are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices so you know know know know know so um in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject subject subject subject subject of payment, I mean um I mean you know but I don't have I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle okay okay uh like what what what what what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can okay okay okay okay okay like well like I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are friends you know so okay okay from way back back back back back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're we're we're we're we're coming from I mean okay I mean um San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally normally normally normally normally we are together today and feeling so I mean like well so excited to share share share share share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome okay well you know know know know know um to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are are are are are so I mean well you know true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going going going going going to talk about like you know well like our story for a minute. Yeah, so so so so so we were thinking I don't care. How okay uh uh I mean do we express this? this this this this How do we what do we think of what we I mean I mean like like like like like okay title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I I I I I mean okay okay I mean to encourage all of you to download download download download download the free anchor app or so uh well um go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it has it it it it it has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy uh you you you you you know so uh guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy easy easy easy easy. If I had I mean like you know I mean only known it like five five five five five ten years before early because all I need to I mean um like so do do do do do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click so so so so so um well okay post and anchor will do all the job for me me me me me. It will publish it okay uh uh like in all the major podcast sides. You know know know know know apps that are available and I I mean okay so um do not need need need need need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys well you know so so so so so I mean. You also need to make use of it. If you have a okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh message if you have some come content, which you feel that that that that that needs to reach well you know like like out to the world or simply want want want want want to post something make sure you use you know like okay okay this mascara namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I uh so you you you you you know so have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very very very very very good. I like I like I like I like I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this I mean like so okay one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and and and and and share it on social media okay I mean I mean okay. If it's on on on on on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers okay you know know know know know um well dressage. Also if also if also if also if also if you're you're you're you're you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave okay I mean like like like like like um a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome so so so so so uh so um to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one this one one one one one this one this one this one is with the lovely Danny uh like like like like like well you know Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those um well well uh of the company and its management for their more more more more more the views and opinions of um uh well I mean the guests and the colors colors colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the so so um um um um um um management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict um like like like like like uh uh on but no by at go by in a module on barring barring barring barring barring you know I mean okay like my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps I I I I I mean uh um like Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt Levitt Levitt Levitt Levitt. I've been running for well uh well well a few years now and have have have have have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on so like um okay my travels travels travels travels travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those okay well like um um um um um amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so so so so so you know you know uh you know much for joining today. It's a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start well okay okay um um um um um with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an uh like okay so so so so so athlete and also an educator. So I so I so I so I so I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you you know okay okay okay okay okay well I mean know something. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it it it it it. You felt it um uh um you know your entire life. That there's there's there's there's there's something wrong with this world. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we we we we well um like you know have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along along along along along with Dawn ready my so uh well you know best buddy, my best friend friend friend friend friend good friends of ours and both of them - okay well okay okay yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients to this uh um uh well major event coming up in April April April. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th so I mean uh I mean 2020 the bear bear bear bear bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official okay so well I mean title. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically like basically like basically like basically like basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's It's It's It's It's important part of the 24th through I mean like um like Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 20 20 20 20 well like so you know along with D4. And today and today and today and and and and and today and today we brought in a special guest from way back uh okay okay okay okay okay uh um in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it it it it it is like I mean well you know. All right. So our special guest for today today today today today is Miss heart attack. So um so um so um so um so um like like like like like uh I mean what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? up up up up Afraid um so okay um yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's it's it's it's it's been a minute, right? It okay I mean um um has been a hot minute minute minute minute minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to okay like so so so so so you know check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we you know uh so like like like like like talked randomly and stuff like that. So not so not so not so not so so so so so not as much I guess for you and I um like so I mean mean mean mean mean but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know okay you know okay always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always always always always always amazed with your hosting so uh um um skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening listening listening listening listening to you. I was tuning you out well well like like. I've already listened to you you you you you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have um like so okay okay okay okay okay a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really not really not really really really really really not really not really because we just watch the same um so I mean mean mean mean mean uh teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah like okay like so. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do do do do do I was listening back to like um so like the companion stream and you were like, like, like, like, like, oh, it's not that bad right on this uh you know uh okay pan. So So So So So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say um um um um um um I mean I mean I did not that bad. But what but what what what what what but what but what but what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah hiring happy with uh you know like um my selections about you. You were were were were were the worst I couldn't think of to um like so so like, I woke up up up up up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together together together together together so I mean you know okay on this leading-edge experience by saying to you you you you you that you really are the creator of uh well so uh your own reality and and and and and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans um um um um um you know I mean well that you are you are in the process of creating creating creating creating creating most of you two realities contrast you know uh uh like is causing you you you you you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In like in like in in in in in like in like in like well you know um other words. You are creating creating creating creating creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well okay uh like like like like like like being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of of of of of like uh uh well how you feel right now this red hot minute and we we we we we want those realities um um well uh to merge and the only way that those realities realities realities realities realities can merge is for you okay so like like to come with us in other other other other other words because we're not going with you. We are not like well you know know know know know well going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we we we we we see I mean well well well them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of these these these these these crimes listener discretion is advised this like you know well you know episode includes discussions of of of of of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise I mean mean mean mean mean well well like Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old old old old old Alia ta was searching I mean um you know um through her closet looking looking looking looking looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone so um um um um um okay I mean buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Carter asking what so okay you know okay she was up to Ellie didn't know know know know know the other girl very well. They um so so I mean had just started volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks um um okay uh earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied you you you you you know um so well to Michelle's message telling her she was about about about about about to head out to a party Ali thought you know so like so that would be be be be be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the the the the the Love well okay you know you know is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there there there there there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here like okay I mean well. We We We We We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's it's it's it's it's oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So so uh I mean well good to to to to to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's you know okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is is is is is so um okay I mean that I don't know, but it did. It did did did did did feel good to have the family like okay uh I mean all back together together together together together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and you know so so so so so so like Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as as as as as them sure. We've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the the the the the past and is intended um um um okay to communicate such events to the public public public public public in a dramatic manner any reference to like well um like artificial or natural natural natural natural natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is not not not not not okay well um uh intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on on on on on the sequence I mean okay well so of events reported to the public and does does does does does not constitute an opinion statement I mean I mean uh so or recommendation by by by by by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites like like um uh uh uh uh uh have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name I mean I mean I mean um is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um heroines week and every day we're telling you the the the the the story of a heroine start brushing on I mean okay um well the top top top top top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each so so so so so well so uh to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women women women women women from history tonight's um I mean like I mean heroin is Sybil Ludington a a a a a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't well I mean uh well well well well well know exactly what happened. But this but this but this but this but but but but but this is the story that people have told about well well so well what happened happened happened happened happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the so so so so so well you know um British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with like like like like like uh I mean you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver driver driver driver driver assist Technologies. It's built it's built it's built it's built it's built to help help help help help you outsmart well um so okay some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the the the the the road. They're smart and then so uh I mean uh there's Street Smart the the the the the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the um I mean mean mean mean mean uh well Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in in in in in the like okay uh well shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was was was was was happening indoors inside a I mean so uh well small dingy house on the the the the the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant I mean um okay well well well well well was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she she she she she felt I mean you know well uh an evil presence enter the room. She'd She'd She'd She'd She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to carry the the the the the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life like uh well well well well well like through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host host host host host so okay I mean like Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through through through through through these conversations with people of diverse and uh I mean like like Divergent backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like. And there is no possibility of certainty you can can can can can have a yes they did to well well so you know do to to to to to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 40 40 40 40 years okay you know I mean so ago. However certain we were about them them them them them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to like I mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What What What What What you um okay well you know doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Just thinking about these fucking okay uh well you know pervs. I know I I I I I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen okay um so um um um um um to two girls and one phone. What the what the what the what the what what what what what the hell are you guys thinking for you know so like like just just just just just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is well um uh okay okay okay okay okay. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna just gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna just gonna just gonna just gonna catch up on some Netflix um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has so so so so so so well so been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we we we we we talk about okay um so you know Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a a a a a cup of tea and which Tim not only okay um well you know claims. The Antichrist the the the the the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies identifies identifies identifies identifies him both are fascinating well I mean I mean so discussions. So, please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may I mean I I I I I mean okay okay be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are there to be okay I mean like so found whether it's the normal the the the the the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the okay uh uh uh right place. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go beyond reality Our Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including I mean okay uh uh the Antichrist in in in in in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that um okay you you you you you know well next. But before but before but before but before but but but but but before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If uh I mean so so so so so so you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when um um um um um like you know okay you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no there's there's there's there's there's no there's no there's no there's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is today is today is today is today is Monday, March 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This you know uh uh well well well well well is Dunedin. I want I want I want I want I want to thank thank thank thank thank you all so much for joining me on the well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on on on on on like I mean like well this morning. I'm just going to pray for your your your your your week. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just going to pray you know know know know know well uh uh for you on this morning and leave my South out of it it it it it I'm staying at so I mean so okay home today, which is unusual for me. Normally Normally Normally Normally Normally. I don't stay home from work, like well like I mean but I'm staying home today today today today today. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not feeling 100% but but but but but I wanted to um I mean um I mean make sure that I I I I I got on the prayer call before I went back to okay um um um um um well so bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate of so you know um I mean Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press press press press press releases and feature films Millions have tried so uh um well to stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you if you if you if if if if if you if you enjoy okay uh you know I mean these episodes on on on on on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast well like okay you know know know know know every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and and and and and okay you know okay like possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or or or or or wherever you listen to podcasts um um you know well. Midnight clouds flash past a a a a a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his uh well so like copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola with you know you know you know okay Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car eco-car eco-car eco-car eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear uh uh so so separately could've could've could've could've could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my you you you you you know okay well well hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Korea Ki baat uh like I mean I mean Karu to yeah, he shares this this this this this court is about basically making self. So skilled so skilled so skilled so so so so so skilled so skilled kid like um you know you know joab case Apna Apna manifest manifest manifest manifest manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are okay okay okay okay okay like like well there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or or or or or the Paranormal you're in like so um well the right place. Let's go beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm I mean okay okay you know really really really really really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic so so so so so well okay uh. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness if they're willing okay um uh uh to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's life's life's life's life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go uh you know um um of whatever stands in their their their their their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on you know well um um um um um like reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me me me me me back hug uh okay um I mean daughter of mine. You sound like you might might might might might be getting over something you doing? I mean like I mean well Okay. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a like you know okay I I I I I mean mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if you well like so you know want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple couple couple couple couple weeks ago. I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported that uh uh uh uh uh um you know like Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with with with with with a production crew Link in like so like you know the description and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was um I mean mean mean mean mean um well certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Crawley was I mean well um okay announced as next season's leading woman. So So So So So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming um um um like something weeks after after after after after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she um um um well has to be be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there there there there there is there any other reason Maddie like you know well I mean would have been filming filming filming filming filming this is unconfirmed. But as but as but as but as but as of of of of of right now I see you know um uh I mean no other explanation unless y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in so like um uh uh uh uh uh the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But I I I I I mean okay like like if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep deep deep deep deep dive on her earlier well so um okay today. So check so check so so so so so check so check so check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check check check out you know I mean like um our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 7 7 7 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife my wife my wife my wife my wife thinks I'm at the gym gym gym gym gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready um I mean uh you know for the the the the the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next um um um um um so well I mean speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and so uh well so Ashland. She works alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she um well okay okay okay okay okay I mean serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She She She She She serves she serves she serves she serves she serves on the okay I mean uh like committee committee committee committee committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and I mean mean mean mean mean so well like events. She has she has she has she has she has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a he's a a a a a he's a he's a he's a CO um you know well well chair chair chair chair chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some some some some some you know I mean like so prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most most most most most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre uh um well um. That's episode that's that's that's that's that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode 22 and that's our most most most most most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canadian physical education like okay I mean um curriculum and episode 75. So the the the the the so the so the so the so the people who listen to our podcast seem to to to to to okay well I mean okay be interested in curriculum from different areas of of of of of the world. So we're going you know you know you know okay to keep keep keep keep keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um um I mean you know. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, and welcome to difficulty class of of of of of podcast about all things Dungeons I mean you know so so and Dragons. I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This This This This This week is um I mean well so a lie - man. That's right. And this this this this this week we are going to be talking uh so well like about creating character character character character character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering you know like uh uh uh uh uh I mean lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been been been been been selected for any uh um uh like of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom. We'll do it next time but okay uh um like before all that Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we well well well well well okay uh like started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been there okay okay like uh. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a a a a a lot so well um you know of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that that that that that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let I mean you know so like me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit well um you know so your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you um like uh you know. So it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um um um um um well so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to um um uh okay make a podcast in one place place place place place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on well like well like like like like like FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit so um um um um um like like on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, dang, dang, dang, dang, a board-certified okay well so like anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training training training training training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature like you know I mean you know weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot so uh uh like 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist assist assist assist assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart well um I mean so some of of of of of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then uh well well well well well uh I mean there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, March well I mean I mean uh 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy. Allen a allen a allen a allen a allen a junior college uh well I I I I I mean like student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a a a a a ride uh well like so late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in in in in in a series of slayings now so you know okay well known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk talk talk talk talk um so I mean I mean for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the the the the the history series and also Snow ending with like I mean um um other work and and and and and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and so okay okay okay okay okay like so now I always try to put together something as I mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned the other day. I'd only like so um so time I ever write anything down down down down down is Is there something going to shop a super work I mean well you you you you you know so for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they because because because because because they because they because they because they always write okay um so well a five five five five five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the like like like like like okay uh I mean liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, know, know, know, know, you can't remember like so okay you know what you're saying. So I have have have have have a text in front of me. So well uh well okay hopefully you you you you you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little well well well well well well um so bit of how we started with here on anchor and one one one one one of the best things you know I mean um so about anchor it's free free free free free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your um okay like like phone or the computer. It's as it's as it's it's it's it's it's as it's as it's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up okay okay okay okay okay I mean like um or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it it it it it out. It's going to uh okay well uh be Great. Hey, we're changing the the the the the title of this podcast to sick well uh so well parvis Magna podcast. It means means means means means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with uh you know well like people's people's people's people's people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have have have have have well like uh okay to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be be be be be some big movie star. This is this is this is this is this is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the Elevate main podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our you know I mean you know like website website website website website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me let me let let let let let me let me let me just ask you how many I mean so I I I I I mean so of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I I I I I can I can I can I can I see you know so you know know know know know um your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good good good good good. You like I mean like well how about those who do not want to admit admit admit admit admit their age 30 above so that everything well so like so is now since our topic topic topic topic topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you know okay you know know know know know okay you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you are you are you are you are you going going going going going to do stuff you want me to well you know like okay introduce you? you you you you Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already already already already already you already you already you already you already you know um um like like like like like know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, so so so so so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, how's it going? Okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so uh you know okay uh Logan's my little from McMurray, but but but but but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of you know uh well okay this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we so so so so so uh well like went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for for for for for alumni weekend Don't so you know I mean I mean ask either of us why why why why why we had really don't have any other excuse okay so you know okay. Yeah. I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know why we going. All All All All All right guys before we jump I mean I mean so you know into this episode. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you okay you know you you you you you know you know haven't heard of Banker. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's it's it's it's it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything well okay you know know know know know well you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? It's running on on on on on sex. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a Brielle fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy seeing you um you know okay okay here today. I am I am I am am am am am I am I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and and and and and kind okay um um well of like dating preferences. So hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't you know know know know know you know so um really know what to say about myself, but I guess guess guess guess guess I go to school with well like um like a Brielle. That's how we met met met met met and I study social work and I consider I mean so okay so myself myself myself myself myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous um well um um um um um you know lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me me me me me polyamory is so um so uh the ability to love more than one person at a a a a a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if okay okay okay okay okay like uh um you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported reported reported so so you know so that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a a a a a production crew Link in the uh like I mean uh description and I along with with with with with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie I mean so I mean well well well well well was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because because because because because so I mean like um Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let let let let let so let so let so let so let me so like uh you know get get get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not you you you you you know uh so so the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this this this this this season, right? Is uh you know uh I mean there any other reason reason reason reason reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've I've I've I've I've got well so well like for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're you're you're you're you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did um so well okay a a a a a deep dive on her earlier today. So check so check so check so check so check check check check check that out on this channel uh um well uh and make sure you check check check check check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 okay so okay okay p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes it makes it makes it makes it makes you happy happy happy happy happy every time every time it goes on I mean so I mean well. It's It's It's It's It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music like like like like like I mean like well is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never so uh like I mean met a lot of the the the the the three babies we have he is the one so like I mean I mean he is is is is is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the I mean you you you you you know so okay what is that and home pod? And he and he and he he he he he and he and he will point to it. I'll pick I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick okay you know um uh him him him him him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music like like like like like I mean okay uh. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch touch touch touch touch it uh um well well like he will start screaming until he does the reason why why why why why we're talking about well so um like this as like, I was kind of of of of of in like a are we going? Yeah, um okay um uh we're going going going going going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah uh like um um um um um I mean. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a a a a a little like I mean okay um peeved right now. We just we just we we we we we just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda I'm Amanda I'm Amanda I'm Amanda I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're we're we're we're we're sisters and this is the one eye open I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean um. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we we we we we are once again you know uh um so calling in because we will will will will will not we can't see each other at the moment okay you know okay well well well well well. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we have a a a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against okay well like um um um um um the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're um um um um um we're um we're um we're um we're um okay um I mean here. We're here here here here here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours I mean you you you you you know uh so top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and and and and and I not soccer he plays okay you know I mean um hockey and baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I um you you you you you know you know well play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to to to to to start off? All right. All right you know uh okay um. So I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first first first first first injury from way so well well well back when I was in eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth grade. It's written it's written it's written it's written it's written soccer and this this this this this one. This wife you so you know um you know this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and um um um um um um okay okay I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could could could could could just well uh like uh keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your your your your your heart come chat with well I mean like well us about Jesus prayer community and and and and and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth hi Beth hi Beth hi Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth hi Beth so uh I mean well. So good so good so good so good so so so so so good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it it it it it since so you know like okay last week when we recorded together. That's right right right right right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to introduce sister sister sister sister sister on used so like um I mean to say welcome sister. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to to to to to be with so I mean okay you know you. I mean, it's a delight delight delight delight delight for me. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just thrilled to to to to to see you again you know so um so because we were together and Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland sisters. She just she just she just she just she just raving about you you you you you. I almost thought I'd uh uh I mean um be replaced and her best friend friend friend friend friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading um um like okay faster than the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it I mean uh uh uh uh uh like um or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it well like well so and I I I I I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that like like like like like I mean uh I mean in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your you you you you you know uh like uh host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where where where where where people wanting to discover more uh like like um about spirituality where we can get get get get get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age uh well so well stuff Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will like okay okay okay okay okay so I mean be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In In In In In other shows will I mean okay okay um have guests to open up New New New New New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on um okay like okay this this this this this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really you you you you you know you know you know like looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy energy energy energy energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have okay you know so you know a business but with Airbnb and gets worse worse worse worse worse because you have expenses. If you don't have uh uh well well customers you will will will will will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's like like um like like like like like what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your okay um well uh offer offer offer offer offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings okay uh uh uh uh uh um I mean and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into into into into into well well well well the black with your air B&B. This is this is is is is is this is this is this is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back are being so okay well well well well well so the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going going going going going to order them and okay so so well level of difficulty / a level level level level level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are uh uh I mean I mean going to to to to to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small you know know know know know uh like well changes. Some of some of some of some of some some some some some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little um well well well well well well okay bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this like uh uh uh uh uh so well episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and and and and and abuse that some people may well uh uh okay find offensive. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly well so uh like was was was was was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The The The The The whole the whole the whole the whole the whole thing I mean so well well well well well okay was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the the the the the I mean like okay uh big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response response response response response. He said he said he said he said he said Lisa you're you're you're you're you're like uh uh I mean involved in a murder. Lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client client client client client well like uh you know had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not just well so I mean so what we get to Define. Its how God God God God God calls us to himself. He is the uh you know um okay more more more more more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't I don't I I I I I don't I don't I don't know what you know uh okay so you're you're you're you're you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that that that that that makes um I mean so well sense. Us be us be us be us us us us us be us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special well well well well well so um uh extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at at at at at my name well uh well uh is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Father Father Father Father Andrew Strobel. This is this is this is this is this is not a okay um um um um um you know like podcast about cats. It is it is it is it is it it it it it is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is this is this is this is this is Holy Family School of faith faith faith faith faith. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's let's let's let's let's begin in well okay well well the name of the father and the son and and and and and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called okay uh um like a mind all those those those those those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which so um um um um um you know well we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life life life life life as our happiness placing you know I mean like okay all our trust in in in in in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on I mean like uh uh uh uh uh okay the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive strive strive strive strive for um well well like Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which which which which which is possible but not yet uh well uh uh guaranteed. And there and and and and and there and there and there and there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope first and active I mean um okay you know pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you like like uh I mean haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast well I mean mean mean mean mean um like. So let so let so let so let so let me go go go go go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's you know um I mean mean mean mean mean so completely free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit you know like um uh your podcast right from your phone or computer. So So So So So it's really really easy to do um you know uh I mean. Do anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean okay okay okay okay okay so I mean podcasts. And so and so and so and so and so many many many many many more you can also make money from your podcast with no uh okay um um um um um you know minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this this is um uh so I mean our podcast. I wanted to thank you for for for for for joining us today. I prayed this word you know okay well so increases your your your your your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through okay okay okay okay okay uh uh um Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't can't can't can't can't go with this like so so you know one. Can you is it it it it it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it is it is it is it it it it it is it possible um well well okay for you to give me the scripture? I I I I I just quoted second chronicles 7 and you know um um like 14. We're going to finish finish finish finish finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to you know know know know know I mean well so I want to do this. I got to teach teach teach teach teach this word and I'll okay like like so be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio you know know know know know you know okay I mean experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of of of of of the month today and which I well you know I mean you know really really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of you you you you you know like well okay the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity. Thank the thank the thank the thank the thank the Lord you like you know know know know know like you know are here. There are so many people that didn't see see see see see out last month and you've well so like uh got to be grateful that you are are are are are here you are present you are able I mean um um like to make some some some some some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you know um like like like like like you know you can make a difference and I want you to see see see see see that as something Really I mean um so you know really really serious and and and and and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making making making making making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find find find find out um you know you know um it's like well don't look at me Lucy's Lucy's Lucy's Lucy's Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good um okay uh well. Yeah. Yeah, very good now now now now now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing so okay um uh shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly like you know you know so and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you you you you you both? Yeah for the good week so uh uh you know. We've been busy lots to to to to to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already well um uh uh mentioned we we we we we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles I mean so so so so so uh you know Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in in in in in Bloodshed. The summer okay I mean okay okay of 69 is now forever synonymous with with with with with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge so like I mean okay a a a a a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true I mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover cover cover cover cover a new topic well so um so like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the the the the the nation violent Mobsters like so I mean you know well John Gotti who gunned their their their their their way to the top and serial killers like like okay so so Ted Bundy who who who who who craved notoriety this week. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking back back back back back at the Manson so you know well I mean family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My um so so so so so like um name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things things things things things that I okay you know well uh wanted to do when I started this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is explore topics that I am interested you know okay I mean I mean in in in in in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is you know I I I I I mean like um Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do do do do do you get the well um um you know necessary licensing here in Dubai or the the the the the UAE? And what and what and what and what and what are some of the the the the the things that like like you know I mean somebody who wants to start an an an an an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business I mean okay um um um um um um which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created created created created created like so like you know nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert expert expert expert expert digital agency here like you know uh okay in the Middle East they work with with with with with local and international brands in so well like uh the Middle East some of which which which which which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal uh like you know I I I I I mean Julia shares with us today. Have you have you have you have you have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will will will learn you know so like I mean from stories experience trials and errors to to to to to live a more measured life with less cussing well like um uh unless absolutely necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth I mean mean mean mean mean well well well Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and and and and and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad uh well okay uh you have an old old old old old friend. It's true. They say they say they say they say they say wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom comes with age well uh okay well. Not always the case. Do you say say say say say that? I don't know who said that I you know like I mean uh heard heard heard heard heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I um you you you you you know uh um have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 probably 20 20 20 20 20 probably 20 probably 20 probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin like like um so in the name of the father and the son and the holy holy holy holy holy spirit. Amen was well well like so called a mind all those we promise to pray for for for for for. I think the most like like I mean well exhilarating truth is that that that that that before the world was created God already had you and um like so so so so so um I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan plan plan plan plan of you know well so okay history that no other person can or ever will will will will will take we were designed for well so like uh this role and only we we we we we can fulfill it and if we don't no one well I mean like uh will will will will will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike you you you you you know well so I mean. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was was was was was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce I mean well well well to you you you you you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that well you know know know know know I mean um we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting wanting wanting wanting wanting to make um um so so it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his his his his his baby to the world. So um um so uh here we are welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind so like like like like like you know I mean of just want to talk give you an Insight of of of of of you know, what like like you know well made us start this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and how we know each other and who we okay um well I mean are are are are are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so so so so so yeah, okay I mean uh um it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope hope hope hope hope you guys liked getting to know us well so I mean uh. I'm so without further further further further further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it is it is it it it it it is it is it anyway, I'm Andrew I mean so um you know colvard. Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I um I I I I I um I um I um I um okay uh uh think you guys are going to to to to to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in you know so I mean you you you you you know the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally. Well I mean uh so uh really good. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good well like so so so so so so good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a a a a a gripe I mean um uh so about the results of the presidential draft. So So So So So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're just going to get right okay well well well well well well well into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel like like like like like you know okay okay Festival selections going today free now, which is the the the the the first day starting off with like you know you know um grade 1 1 1 1 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me give me give me give me give me me me me me some prices on now, we've like um okay uh currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to to to to to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our so uh okay uh home at 9:00 to to to to to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr like I mean so so so so so so. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article um um um um um well um well samcro. To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed. He's well I mean um um RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art art art art art for teens reserve tank for uh um you know you know teens melons 16 16 16 16 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a I mean like like like like like uh okay race. I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked into into into into into much myself personally as in going for a horse so so I mean okay to the the the the the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably so um um um um um I mean uh safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk I I I I I mean um I mean I mean now. We were off last week. Really do really do do do do do really do really do really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I I I I I so you know you know like know we had so many people hit us up saying where where where where where is the after show? uh you know uh so So we figured on the week off? off off off off We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, uh I mean you know well ha ha ha ha ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So So So So So well so well so well so well so well well well I mean what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first first first first first podcast of um um uh like the of the app speaking for the bag bag bag bag bag. Yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in other words I mean so uh uh uh uh uh so Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an an an an an accident. I didn't um okay you know uh know how to work anchor the the the the the app. It was an accident. I thought I you know well so well was was was was was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press um um um um um uh so um the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and and and and and set up for you know uh uh like the past. We Yeah, we Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we Yeah, we Yeah, we Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of of of of of okay well you know like record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just so uh okay okay okay okay okay uh can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me me me me me so I mean I mean like give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering okay uh I mean well well well well well why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in in in in in okay you know so okay no way shape or form in any. Any circle of of of of of any group of people you know so I mean so and popular I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it like uh like like like like like well. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school school school school school 16 year old girl. Just try to I mean well you know you know figure figure figure figure figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody like like like like like okay so well that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got just got just got just got just got to get up and tell tell tell tell tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell like um so I mean that devil devil devil devil devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil like um um um um um um well who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the the the the the head um uh okay okay of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I I I I I am I am I am I am I am free from the law law law law law you know well I mean well of sin and death. I am far from oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression and the enemy cannot come near okay you know um you know me. I am born of of of of of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without well um so um um um um um Blame before him in love. Love I love I love I love I love I am am am am am in right standing with the um um so so father. I have I have I I I I I have I have I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that that that that that surpasses uh well so like all understanding greater is he that is in me than he he he he he that is in okay well um okay the world. I have received the power power power power power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given okay okay okay okay okay um okay so to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all all all all all my needs. According well um I mean I mean to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like I like I like I like I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all all all all okay um like you know the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over over over over over the past couple weeks I mean okay well um. This will not be one of of of of of those. This is this is this is this is this is going to be a well well well well well well so you know nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which which which which which means it's uh uh like um probably To be more than one episode episode episode episode episode at least two episodes for us to so like okay well get through all all all all all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so you know um you know good. I'm excited that. We got we got got got got got we got we got we got Michael join and ask because he's going to uh I I I I I mean um so make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go go go go go on right well I mean so you know Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good good good good good Josh and can't thanks for having me so you know okay okay on Nam im im im im im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius well well well well well like I mean uh. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal federal federal federal federal court today nearly 70 years after the um um okay well trial the rosenbergs guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to like well okay uh uh uh uh uh today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering covering covering covering covering the like I mean I mean okay 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg their actions against the US were well uh um okay considered. So heinous FBI director director director director director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the um okay um I mean crime of of of of of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This This This This This I mean I mean I mean uh podcast is about business Behavior. And And And And And the Brain on this show. I do a few like like well like things. I I I I I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview uh okay okay okay okay okay like uh authors of books. I enjoy I enjoy I enjoy I enjoy I I I I I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the the the the the podcast page on okay okay I mean so iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask ask ask ask ask me a question by leaving a so okay uh I mean review. I promise I I I I I promise I promise I promise I promise to read it and Possibly include your question question question question question a future episode. So well well I mean you know please ask me anything now enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit um I mean well so me me me me me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Choi I mean so uh well for near and far.com meditation like any healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while I mean well you know um um um um um the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin from you know okay so well engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook your your your your your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think you know um um um um um um okay HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube launches a you know I mean uh um very new helpful measurement tool tool tool tool tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting um you know uh like like like like like other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam minster blam blam blam blam blam minster blam minster blam minster blam okay I mean so I mean. Here's what you you you you you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer um um um um um you know well uh does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels like those all-important like um like so tracking pixels from the social platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control so well okay uh. So imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing uh okay so so so so so you know on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack I mean I mean um you know everything from Hardware to software in the the the the the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that like uh I mean you know you you you you you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode episode episode episode episode is brought okay well okay uh to you by anchor when we decided decided decided decided decided to create a podcast. We wanted to I mean okay well like figure out out out out out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean give you everything you need in one place for free and and and and and you can use okay uh well well it from your computer or your phone phone phone phone phone. There are a couple things we really so like okay uh like about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that that that that that you'll be heard everywhere okay I mean um um and they have some ways for you you you you you to make money on your podcast with no okay you know so you know know know know know minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your okay okay okay okay okay uh so well very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children okay well well well well well um like. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note um um um um um I mean um like. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct direct direct direct direct retelling of any single I mean uh uh so myth about leimia. Today's episode combines combines combines combines combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories you know okay um like like like like like and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke dawn broke dawn dawn dawn dawn dawn broke dawn broke dawn broke over the misogi OC okay like um well gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child child child child child like so okay so named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been been been been been a last-minute decision some exercise uh uh uh you know squeezed in before today's boring boring boring boring boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy uh you know well I mean on which means we are answering your your your your your questions Andy, how are you? I'm well so okay like good. Thank you. How about about about about about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay the last couple of of of of of days my back so you know uh you know was much better. But now it's it's it's it's it's really bad again might have been because I well okay uh you know try try try try try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean like um uh so are you I I I I I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as I mean um um um um um like okay you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not not not not not to well well uh um treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've I've I've I've I've learnt from that so well so uh. I've definitely not as soon as it it it it it feels better again. I will be doing the um like uh uh same thing, but I I I I I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So you know know know know know like okay so fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal now if you know you know uh um you don't be a good good good good good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody um um um um um so like so our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And And And And And we okay uh I mean well have a special guest from The Discord kale the the the the the vibe Checker. So kale. What's so so okay like your what's your Vibe right now now now now now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your okay so uh like like like like like Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had just just just just just had just had just had just had a long I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With With With With With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop well well well well well pop well pop well pop well pop well uh like I mean star. Gary Glitter Glitter Glitter Glitter Glitter gary Glitter gary Glitter gary Glitter gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls girls girls girls girls in Vietnam. Welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh like you know know know know know I mean to today and True Crime app are cast original due to to to to to the graphic nature you know uh so I mean of today's crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under okay you know know know know know okay like 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 61 61 61 61 years old well I mean you know uh who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside you know uh uh you know Villa. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what you know know know know know like um well a time what a time to be alive. So happy happy happy happy happy New Year. It's officially um well you know like March and if you don't follow follow follow follow follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches uh okay you know um um um um um. Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring spring spring spring spring okay you know um I mean is coming up. Can you believe winter is almost almost almost almost almost over? You know, it's funny because okay okay like well winter I was just writing writing writing writing writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep okay well um so transformation transformation transformation transformation transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, welcome to another another another another another episode of reality Roundtable I am your well uh um okay host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is well you you you you you know uh like Josh character. He's the he's the he's the he's the he's he's he's he's he's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South uh um um um um um I mean uh University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like like like like like to tell us some uh like well okay of those other things too when shots were were were were were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your you know like well I I I I I mean host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing like you know know know know know um I mean I want to go over today is a fortnight hype hype hype hype hype night and height night plus I mean I mean you know well in Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter 2 season 2. This is this is this is this is this is a a a a a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all like like so so so so so so operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's time to prove your your your your your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me let me let me let me me me me me let me tell you a little um um uh you know bit about anchor if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make um I mean um you you you you you know a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to record and like like so well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your um so you know I mean podcast for you. So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well um okay okay okay okay okay I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need so um okay so to make a podcast in one place. Download Download Download Download Download the download the download the download the download the free anchor up or go go go go go okay well um you know to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is is is is is episode or of the game I mean uh well so chat pod cast I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is today is today is today is today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this this this this this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of uh okay uh you know the United States States States States States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome okay I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering covering covering covering covering the Supreme Court's decision um well so well not to hear an appeals case for for for for for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the okay uh you know like like like like like morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas. Richard you richard you richard you richard you richard you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean you know Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme okay um uh uh uh uh uh well Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August August August August August 20th, 1910 Forest so okay okay I mean ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of of of of of young volunteers were clearing brush on a well like okay I mean ridge above the the the the the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun okay okay uh uh uh uh uh you know was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front front front front front lines okay so you know you know of an effort to combat. Thousands of thousands of of of of of thousands of thousands of thousands of small wild fires blazing along the you know you you you you you know okay well northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his his his his his comrades in the like like like I mean newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared swaths of forest to Halt the um um like um fires, they were overworked and and and and and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the you know like um um um um um well situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed by by by by by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect so you know you know well well well well well those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of of of of of the you know so you know so guests and the colors do not reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the DJ's the regular program I mean um you know okay the management and and and and and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on so like you you you you you know well but no by at go by in a module on my adding adding adding adding adding my uh like well you know messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo. Nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to to to to to say I mean um um uh but don't have the audience. Well anchor well well well well well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor is here for you. So break that like like like like like um like um mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free free free free free anchor has uh okay I mean well simplified the podcast World in three easy easy easy easy easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They like I mean um so do do do do do all the work for you. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the only opt out there that lets you know okay okay well you create create create create create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are okay um um um um um um so you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing in Faith Changing communities communities communities communities communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus um I mean like you you you you you know after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets gets gets gets gets up and you know like okay okay he goes to the mountain to pray to to to to to be with God to be with the I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in well well well well well okay so okay prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to to to to to him and okay okay I mean well he says to him we've been looking for for for for for you and Jesus says while I so well um so needed to be with the the the the the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something so okay uh like like like like like absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude of Jesus in uh I mean uh like picking the day. He begins begins begins begins begins it by being with God the father in well okay so uh prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be uh uh uh uh uh uh so like talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and and and and and I would be your host well um I mean like for the session session session session session. So let's get started. What is what is what is what is what what what what what is programmatic advertising? You might okay like you know okay have heard this term. If If If If If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic so okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this this this this this automation makes I mean well um you know transaction efficient and more effective streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 25 25 25 25 years American well uh um uh global Awakening to the New World War II II II II II American artificial intelligence American. Do well do well do well do well do well you you you you you know okay you know you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree mr mr mr mr mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody um um um um um everybody um everybody um everybody um everybody um well you know I mean Dave bahr, bahr, bahr, bahr, bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going it's going going going going going it's going it's going it's going you know I mean okay you know on everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Finally got finally got finally got finally got finally got this freaking OBS to work work work work work pain in the butt well well like uh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I I I I I got on Instagram um well you know uh live last night. We have some some some some some issues got on their hopped on had a couple I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay uh of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their their their their their so okay uh like the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is this is this this this this this is this is this is your so like like so Checkmate your Bohemian guide to to to to to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today you know um uh you know. I I I I I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times times times times times mentioned well you know I mean like in all sorts of contexts. It It It It It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really mean that you you you you you should after reading an article go okay I mean I mean uh. Hmm But But But But But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to like so uh uh say say say say say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well the things that you receive but critically about everything to be be be be be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the history okay well you know you know of song titles. It is it is is is is is it is it is it is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I I I I I mean uh um okay well give me a better song title than that. That's poetic poetic poetic poetic poetic. It's from it's from it's from it's from it's from PJ Harvey so I mean mean mean mean mean okay well on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's It's It's It's It's also like so you know like a number for 31. One out of five five five five five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the orig the orig the orig the orig orig orig orig orig the 500 okay I mean you know you know with Josh Adam me Myers, but but but but but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys like uh okay I mean for joining me me me me me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list so um um um um um um I mean of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times times times times times that I look over like uh so I mean this list to see what's coming coming coming coming coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those all those all those all those all those in those in those Endeavors Endeavors Endeavors Endeavors Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting um you know so um real soon soon soon soon soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants pants pants pants pants uh I mean uh so AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock cock cock cock cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls so like so okay AKA ATC AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did so so so so so okay so you know. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last last last last last week. Apparently the I mean so um like sound was a little off and and and and and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with like so well so me David David David David David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh. And of and of and of and of and of course Tom Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very I mean okay you know know know know know so well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting okay well like you know down the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the past 31 years in 1996 week, um like you know I mean one of the Summer Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park okay uh I mean you you you you you know. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with like like like like like okay well okay nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right right right right right here every day so um uh um to our March Madness special listen. On On On On On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July July July July July I july I july I july I july I mean you know like well 27th 27th 27th 27th 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and and and and and the energy I mean uh uh I mean in the city was buzzing at Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack you know like you know you know jammed on on on on on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division division division division division you know uh you know uh two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am am am am am Bond diesel. I do so well um um division stuff such as this podcast. I do do do do do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on okay like you know uh diesel and and and and and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to dictionary.com word of the day day day day day. It's March 1st in our word of the so you know uh uh uh uh uh so day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat eat eat eat eat despite so you know okay I mean its french-sounding pronunciation. You may you may you you you you you may you may you may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if if if if if you uh so I mean well haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like like like like like and is related to you know you know okay okay a handful of other other other other other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a well I mean mean mean mean mean like uh noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as as as as as in the aspiring painter was you know uh well like a habitue of art galleries galleries galleries galleries galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places uh okay you know uh of of of of of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you you you you you um okay uh well a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are we we we we we are we are we are we are discussing okay like okay uh communism in the the the the the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited so you know okay okay okay okay okay so to get into this work. But first but first but first but first but but but but but first of all, we'll go through and do you know okay uh like our names names names names names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite like like you you you you you know you know cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and and and and and I really liked that uh uh okay so old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You You You You You know, the one where they've got the you know well okay so main employees like like like like like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy you know so so so so so you know well and a lot of fun. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, local park at how how how how how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 at well okay I mean mean mean mean mean okay a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip Skip Skip Skip Skip well well uh I mean at a matter of a dock on a proud proud proud proud proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants like you know like well. They tally tally tally tally tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the like I I I I I mean so okay transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, well you know I mean um but she is spending some much-needed time with her her her her her little boy Rider, but today's topic so you know I mean um is going to to to to to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information like I mean like like like like like um on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any any any any any condition. It's uh so uh so for information purposes only and a platform to share share share share share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare um so uh so professional. Before making making making making making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes uh you know so so so so so you know podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv tv tv tv tv top um well uh okay. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be be be be be here. Welcome to the after Bush uh you know okay so show for 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and you know you know know know know know you know I mean I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host. We have Linda ants I mean um like so we There's a lot so prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a like um so okay question for us us us us us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing so uh um um um um um uh providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of of of of of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Graham you know uh well well with black with black with plants and we're we're we're we're we're relationship with plants and we're here today uh well uh you know on the the the the the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a a a a a very fluid open like well uh um conversation and to real you were talking a a a a a little bit with me about your like you know I mean okay body embodiment and and and and and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about um um um um um I mean uh um and so my question for you just to get right right right right right into it because I want um well well well to leave time for all all all all all the juicy juicy. Understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is my question question question question question for you like I mean um like is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here here here here here okay like like um and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using using using using using anchor well uh I mean um for our podcast. We love it for several several several several several reasons. Number one. It's totally well okay you know like free. Number two. There are creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit um well I mean so your podcast from from from from from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your um I mean like you you you you you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many other I mean um well um platforms number four you can make make make make make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything okay you know um um um um um okay you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free free free free free I mean okay okay okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad well you know know know know know okay like and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he he he he he come so um well so from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover episode for a very important reason well uh uh uh. Yeah, we've all gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother like so uh like listen listen listen listen listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good good good good good that's good that's good that's good that's good well you know so um. That's That's That's That's That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we we we we we get into like you know well uh Addresses when I get this out out out out out of the way a quick plug or big you know I mean okay I I I I I mean plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want want want want want you to okay okay well I mean like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So So So So So we so we put up the Kahuna per I mean you know um you know know know know know episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear I I I I I mean okay so I mean from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance rather well uh okay okay than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety because at the end of well I mean okay I mean the day, day, day, day, day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has so so so so so so okay well to be full full trust full full surrender and know that that that that that you will be legio okay like uh uh be guided to exactly where where where where where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability disability disability disability disability become so well well uh you know taboo? So I speak to you the the the the the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness like uh so um influencer and and and and and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be you you you you you know so well I mean disabled or to have a disability. And also the way way way way way that the World perhaps okay uh so um disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities that were born with may do uh uh like uh which might seem like a a a a a confusing concept. Act but act but act but act but act but it's basically the idea idea idea idea idea of you know so I mean well ableism and how the world is set up up up up up for people who are able-bodied as so uh okay uh opposed to those those those those those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was was was was was uh so I mean you know so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think think think think think it's a really interesting conversation. I okay okay um uh really hope you enjoy it as as as as as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name my my my my my name my name my name my name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay so you know uh I mean Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in in in in in a hotel room in just on you know like okay uh the outskirts of Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a so you you you you you know um well lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a small um um uh so range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy energy energy energy energy needed by every living cell uh uh okay I mean. If there is not not not not not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean um levels are too high. This can have a negative impact impact impact impact impact on osmosis, which like like well I mean is the movement of water between cells by by by by by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows well um well uh through the pancreas. The body body body body body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know like glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas uh uh you know uh releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and and and and and muscle tissues detect the presence like you know um well of insulin these convert the the the the the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose uh like okay um um um um um that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until until until until until the like so you know uh pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the if if if if if the if the if the if the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different um I I I I I mean like like episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave cave cave cave cave on Divani on you know you know I mean like his total Bitcoin show. So So So So So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins so I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin a uh um I mean well lot of great people on a show really really really really really interesting format and had a great like okay well well conversation with them. So I I I I I thought I'd share with you guys here as like uh I mean well well just just just just just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth well well well well well I mean you know I mean issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, places, places, places, places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive so um okay you know. If you want to follow follow follow follow follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and uh well well well well well like I mean his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of like well well well well well like you know March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets markets markets markets markets surged in the well uh so so morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to to to to to the table with a rate cut the uh like like okay bank of Japan announced early early early early early in the data. They would be starting a new round I mean so I mean you you you you you know of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut cut cut cut cut the well well you know okay cash rates by half a percent. Oh for for for for for the big Banks quickly passed on the okay you know okay I mean right cut cut cut cut cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump donald Trump donald donald donald donald donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump uh well okay uh tweeted shortly after urging the federal federal federal federal federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the like um like okay Federal Reserve Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points uh I mean well well well well well um. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay uh I mean I mean in this week. We are on episode episode episode episode episode 13 of To this is the secret okay okay like like today. We We We We We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew Pinsky you know know know know know okay um I mean and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in in in in in the mid-2000s right now okay I mean uh uh and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views so so so so so I mean um I mean or comments participant skip any personal experiences or or or or or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, um like um like but I I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you you know know know know know uh so um came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast like well you you you you you know um go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and and and and and opinions discussed in like okay okay okay the podcast. Do not reflect the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer like so well um and curator of of of of of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it uh like like like like like uh like Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it it it it it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm well I I I I I mean well um your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle and like okay like well Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the like so so okay Mississippi State State State State State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did did did did did uh okay well so and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they they they they they got up big well um uh like early and then they squandered almost every every every every every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and I mean okay so you you you you you know then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they so you you you you you know well so didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and and and and and most of the time like like okay so they were up by like six or or or or or something like that but it felt comfortable in um I mean you know like like like like like South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a um um um um um uh um um lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as as as as as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter you you you you you know so okay uh including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may it may may may may may it may it may it may not be suitable for everyone discretion is uh like like like like like uh I mean advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something something something something something about sex uh like like so with an adult. It's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to to to to to them. This um okay well you know is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made made made made made by activists on a so um like like mission to make public public public public public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one uh so okay like way way way way way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors uh well well well well well well I mean like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim so so so so so okay like um at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be be be be be covering today starts um uh uh you know with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch TechCrunch TechCrunch TechCrunch TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue uh so I mean you know Emerging Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games um okay okay okay okay okay you know so industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series series series series series GT LED like well okay okay By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? uh I mean so like All right right right right right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, one, one, one, one, well well so uh right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can can can can can sorry so start with updates well uh you know like and I've got three three three three three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout uh I mean you know you you you you you know out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast um um um um um okay like well. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are talking about what we I okay you know well um um um um um like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view view view view view um uh I mean so and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano mano mano mano mano this week. We will uh well I mean uh also of course do our wine wine wine wine wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this you know okay well well week week week week week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just just just just just like well like um um exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers winemakers winemakers winemakers winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old old old old old so like you know um Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended intended intended intended intended to Swindle her family so uh um you know out of their Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime a par par par par par cast original today. We're you know well well well covering the abduction and forced forced forced forced forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring you know so so so so so well uh politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go go go go go back to a lady's I mean you know okay uh boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My um um um um um my um my um my um my um um like so name is Denise Ferguson from from from from from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and well so like I mean mean mean mean mean we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of of of of of uh you know well you know Secrets of a salon owner, which is is is is is all about funny stories that focus of us okay I mean well um have have have have have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are are are are are I mean well okay um going to bring to you all of the funny stories stories stories stories stories you guys Us so you know well well uh if you've got any funny funny funny funny funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the like okay like well email address address address address address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the uh so um um um um um okay first story? I will I will I will I will I I I I I will start with my first two because these are the okay you know I I I I I mean um these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called okay um um um um um um well three days later, which if you know us we are are are are are the days with three so so um you know beautiful boys and this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home uh um uh like whether whether whether whether whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this this this this this is um um I mean like Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because because because because because Every day almost every day. I you know so so uh get a text text text text text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going you know I mean mean mean mean mean like so through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them them them them them your way or you know like like okay I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And well well well well well and well and well and well and well I mean um so this segment segment segment segment segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in I mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean mind. I do I do I do I do I do do do do do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were I mean you you you you you know I mean you know born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with with with with with Western astrology. And so if uh um like you know you simply Google the the the the the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of uh so well well well well well so information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way way way way way to put it okay well so so simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin ups, but I'm I mean like so uh joined joined joined joined joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled like uh I mean mean mean mean mean um bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr mr mr mr mr. D'andr I mean you know like well Alpha. All right. But this story comes from from from from from Lori McKenna me that we all well okay okay um know Lori mcmenamy's I I I I I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in okay I mean mean mean mean mean so well the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick sidekick sidekick sidekick sidekick okay um you know you know on or near the do I not like that that that that that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good well uh you know I mean guy. This is is is is is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show start brushing on so you know I mean like the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each I mean you you you you you know you know you know T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the the the the the story of a heroic I mean you know um um woman from history. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated well uh you you you you you know so fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up up up up up in California and okay you know like well a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous Dolorous Dolorous Dolorous Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to pick like I mean like okay the fruits fruits fruits fruits fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working like like like like like like uh you know student. You grew you grew you grew you grew you grew up up up up up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt okay so so uh not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant maidservant maidservant maidservant maidservant nor like uh uh um his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are are are are are given quite exclusively um I mean so um to the Jews nevertheless in part part part part part. They also concern us for they do not I mean okay um uh interpret them as as as as as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden um you know um um um um um like above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done done done done done um well um okay or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two two two two two Commandments in um um I mean um order that it be esteemed as as as as as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and and and and and where you know uh well okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the the the the the fabulous short story lamb like I mean like well to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will will will will will it will it will it will it will be discussing plot characters setting okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the the the the the slaughter. This book this book this book this book this book was written well um um um um um I mean um by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died died died died died in um you know uh uh 1990. He is most famously known for writing writing writing writing writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The well like okay I mean BFG and Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, okay so you know you you you you you know let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her her her her her okay okay so I mean house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to to to to to be a normal night for uh uh you know you know mr. Millhone, but he he he he he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to to to to to say I mean so like okay that you guys have been awesome. Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the so uh okay so reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I uh okay uh uh uh uh uh um wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but but but but but I wanted you know you know okay like to thank everyone again and all the the the the the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the okay okay I mean so two two two two two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their like like like like like okay you know uh opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from from from from from Fargo. You guys have so okay I mean uh been amazing. I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year year year year year I mean okay um I mean. So a good five months almost or or or or or more than five months you know well you know uh. I'm not really sure sure sure sure sure but I think I need to take a break. I've um so okay so so so so so been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone I mean okay uh okay. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk talk talk talk talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody okay I mean uh I mean and we'll hear hear hear hear hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move hey move hey move move move move move hey move hey move dirt that like uh so you know they don't make Bulls Bulls Bulls Bulls Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin like okay like you know know know know know Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this this this this this episode like well uh well of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on on on on on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did how did how did how did how did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have have have have have okay okay so okay been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is is is is is Sean Stephenson. That's um um like like a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly silly silly silly silly talk sports here. And we're back so like well so. Once Once Once Once Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around like well well well well well uh so another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on on on on on your Friday arvo well you know uh um little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob you know you you you you you know uh well Thomason. We're back we're back we're back we're back we're we're we're we're we're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop don't stop don't stop stop stop stop stop don't stop don't stop just keep going so well so like. Hey want want want want want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks uh okay so so so so so uh. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we it's we it's it's it's it's it's we it's we it's we started this and well uh you know like like like like like we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for for for for for Creative so so uh so outlet and we've actually had a lot of people people people people people we don't know listen to it and well um I mean you know people reach out out out out out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for for for for for the first um um I mean you know time. So thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks for caring if you want to send us an email email email email email where he okay I mean well um would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have have have have have any thoughts so far if you want so well I mean um to critique us tell tell tell tell tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to to to to to you know I mean um okay tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's you know well so so the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer uh okay so I mean. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple um like uh you know. Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything well okay so you know you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app app app app app um so like I mean or go to Anchored on FM to get started started started started started. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the the the the the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted well you know know know know know like um to take a brief moment today to let you know about about about about about the easiest way well well um I mean possible to start your very own own own own own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having so you know so um a a a a a service to host and distribute the show as well as software so you know know know know know um uh to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host host host host host the you know um okay like packet a podcast and have a distributed to to to to to different podcasting platforms while also using different software um well I mean okay as as as as as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need you you you you you know so okay okay to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from from from from from my computer tablet or okay okay um okay cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives gives gives gives gives us the opportunity to make money with no so I mean like you you you you you know minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about well well well well well like so so using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're We're We're We're We're um so okay you know going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters meters meters meters meters cheater cheater pumpkin so like I mean uh eater. Liar. Liar pants per per per per per hire. It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on fire Patrick. No, No, No, No, No, it's / higher like well um well. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we we we we we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where I mean um um um um um I mean so are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want I want want want want want I want I want I want to thank you. As if like so so well well well well well you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is this is this is this is this this this this this is okay uh so I mean episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that that that that that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just like uh I mean okay so so blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all you know so I mean mean mean mean mean uh of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode episode episode episode episode 48 like well like I mean and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one one one one one of his favorite subjects. You so okay well uh can't have both you have to make make make make make a choice. So I can't wait to get uh like you know well started. This This This This This is my business partner. Mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 uh like so you know Alex signs, 23:20 23 23 23 23 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship so uh you know you know know know know know at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other other other other other I mean uh you know you know businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, been, been, been, been, you know more fortunate and blessed you know uh I mean like to be on this this this this this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love I love I love I love I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I well well well well well uh I mean well want to thank you for your support and listening to each each each each each episode and um I mean okay so I hope you enjoy this one. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way like you know so you know to make make make make make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit like so well okay your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you I mean you know okay like. So you can be be be be be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you know well okay well well well well well you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to to to to to make a successful I mean uh you know you know podcast download the the the the the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every well so so so so so you know well touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 10 10 10 10 times the you know okay well well value that they expect will comes to mind mind mind mind mind is my book The Five AM Club okay you know um I mean. I spent spent spent spent spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote I rewrote it over 50 well I mean you know like times every line. I I I I I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is so so so so so okay okay um your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money money money money money management, and you know um uh okay I'm the lead portfolio manager for for for for for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode like um well so was going to to to to to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things okay like like like like like you know like that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio update episode. Obviously, well I mean like uh we have the coronavirus and how we're managing managing managing managing managing our portfolio to talk about We've got like um um you know Bob Iger. He's He's He's He's He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar I mean so so so so so like you know purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed in this podcast for I mean like uh so those of limb Bush and do do do do do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money uh I mean uh like Management, Management, Management, Management, Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private um um um um um well I mean I mean accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a a a a a mmm. Mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush and I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that that that that that when well like um I mean Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous that people are going to start running I mean okay so you know know know know know after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know know know know know like um you know you know. I think it's in the souls souls souls souls souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this life we you know so um um um um um um can live that that's just a little bit further than where we are that if if if if if um you know like uh we get enough power we can we can live this this this this this life that is extraordinary you know okay well so. And and and so Way we we we we we think about this as we kind of got if okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or or or or or well okay like um that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then Then Then Then Then maybe I can get there like I mean well you know and be extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you you you you you. I think I think I think I think I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is based okay like okay okay on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available available available available available on the Pentecostal Publishing House like you know I mean I mean and youth youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in um um um um um uh you know so your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with him. Remember your I mean um okay you know daily devotion matters. March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through um okay um well 3 3 3 3 3. So all so all so all so all so all the congregation lifted up their their their their their voices and cried and the people wept I mean so so um that night in in in in in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and okay well I mean mean mean mean mean so the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys guys know that our uh uh uh like podcast is supported by anchor. That's That's That's That's That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's okay like okay I mean the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay well well well well well you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. I'm you know so like I mean doing this ad from my phone phone phone phone phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry like sorry like sorry like sorry like like like like like sorry like well so so your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts you know like I mean I mean and many more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well um I mean um um um um um. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you need to make podcast in one place like so well so download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um you know so so get get get get get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a a a a a treat for you know like like so episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy I mean you know um um um um um I mean from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you are you are you are you are you a mom looking for some some some some some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on okay okay you know so the ups and downs downs downs downs downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and well uh um okay a a a a a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're well you you you you you know so I mean looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the the the the the thick of I mean okay um like it show. I'm your host Louise Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your um I mean okay well well well well well parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been like so so so so so I mean well there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things things things things things that I haven't I mean so you know I mean experienced firsthand. I created created created created created this podcast because I just love to help moms uh uh okay like like like like like like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it you know um okay um um um um um and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always writes after like I mean so uh they get out of school about how they couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't do their taxes and how they I mean I mean so well well well well well wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them them them them them you know okay so okay do their taxes what you were taught that that that that that in school. It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called basic math math math math math you know well okay okay in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you you you you you how to add and subtract numbers okay okay you know well. That's That's That's That's That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you uh okay okay okay okay okay so uh add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught taught taught taught taught how to like like so okay follow directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's there's there's there's there's directions there's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read read read read read like I mean I mean so them. You read those directions and you follow follow follow follow follow them. So you so you so you so you so you were taught that in in in in in you know so okay I mean school that was in elementary school the the the the the fact that you can't follow directions so so I mean like and do simple math doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It I mean like like like like like like well just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has has has has has this has this has this has this has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may may find um uh I mean you know offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children children children children children under 13. The small wooden frame um you know you know you know of of of of of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and and and and and um you know okay like echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Mother Mother Mother Mother Leeds was in labor with like like I mean well her 13th child. No Midwife Midwife Midwife Midwife Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that I mean okay well like she she she she she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched watched watched watched watched like like like um on in horror from the corners of the room. She She She She She couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she couldn't provide for another well like like like like like okay like this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The so um um um um um uh well world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his his his his his mother since so like um um I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay funny story like you know you know okay right last weekend. I went back back back back back home to dinner right then. My mom asked uh well uh so me a a a a a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly like like like like like so um okay a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that that that that that we're doing so okay uh you know this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's That's That's That's That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way um well so uh episode 31 3 a dress, dress, dress, dress, dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like okay you know um well well well well well the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know now. I know it's a lot of you who've who've who've who've who've been listening. I've been wondering okay so you know so when in this season I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have we have we have we have we have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in sitting in sitting in in in in in sitting in sitting in my hotel getting ready like you know you know well well well well well to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had had had had had a thought want okay you know I mean I mean to get out out out out out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on so so so so so like you know so one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a a a a a decision. They wanted like like you know um to make they were believing LPN LPN LPN LPN LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and well uh okay okay okay okay okay well they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are doing episode 2 so well so um. First of of of of of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that okay so so so so so okay um last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney and I'm kind well I mean so well of branching out into Bill directing directing directing directing directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Andre and uh um I mean I mean with bedre, I I I I I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would so you know I I I I I mean uh classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an I'm an an an an an I'm an I'm an I'm an emerging artist. We uh okay um you you you you you know are all about doing Margot. Robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is is is is is robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write write write write write any I mean uh so you know writing. Yes. I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video video video video video like uh um okay series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in in in in in today. First uh uh uh I mean off. Wow. What a crazy week in the the the the the sports card market and World. It uh I mean you know well has has has has has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a okay well well well well well um um lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All All All All All those cards okay you know uh um have gone up significantly. So let let let let let me break through those purrs with you because I think um well um um um um um you know that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I I I I I was talking about how um like well like Luca don't you just base prison prison prison prison prison PSA tens. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going for 272 $280 $280 $280 $280 $280. Now, this now, this now, this now, this now, this um uh well uh was was was was was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and and and and and $500 like um like like. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the the the the the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host like I mean you know uh any any any any any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like I mean well um so pumped right now here with me. We have have have have have a we have g hi okay well um you know. Hey, how's it going? going going going going Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips uh so uh uh uh uh uh um. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville Asheville Asheville Asheville Asheville played podcast you know um like okay with the died saving gang. I'm Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason. I'm the referee for now and okay you know I mean so until eternity eternity eternity eternity eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran I mean like like like like like um I mean. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John John John John John I'm playing okay okay uh um Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book book book book book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just just just just just hey just hey just hey just jokes listeners so so uh uh before we get get get get get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank you you you you you know okay like like our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast I mean like well uh. It's free. It's doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't cost any money. That's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why we use it. There's a creation you know well you you you you you know you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your um um so I mean phone and computer makes it very simple simple simple simple simple and color distributes your pockets for well like so well you can be heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from well like like okay okay okay okay okay your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make uh like like like like like um uh a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go go go go go okay well okay you know to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know know know know know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode episode episode episode episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely I mean so you know you you you you you know just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so so so so so much love you know um I mean I mean. It was really appreciated appreciated appreciated appreciated appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which I I I I I mean I mean so like is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably probably probably probably probably why I asking you know like you know um like what in the world world world world world does not even know like what is my insecurities having uh uh so um xiety? xiety xiety xiety xiety Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and so um well well well well well I mean I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just well well well well well uh well I mean one way which is like how you look compared to to to to to everybody else and like what you okay well okay uh do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church Church Church Church Church of Jesus Christ of I mean uh okay okay Latter-day Saints. I'm your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being being being being being here with me this like um well so week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to so well okay well make this podcast. If If If If If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting um um um um um um okay you know. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows you like um uh okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer anger will um um you know so also distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple so well you know um podcast and many many many many many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast like okay okay well well well well well all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap FM to get you know okay like uh started this week's lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is is is is is to be okay I mean um I mean laying down on your back with your your your your your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can you can you can can can can can you can you can also like okay like you know do this in in in in in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure um uh uh well well well well well that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if if if if if you have so so so okay your legs crossed and if you are sitting in in in in in a chair have your feet well so okay well Flat on the ground ankles lined lined lined lined lined up with your knees. So once you find either um so so okay you're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your navel I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like. So with your thumbs identify your navel and and and and and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top top top top top now okay I mean okay okay let the buzz. What is what is what is is is is is what is what is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after show show show show show well you know uh um. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode episode episode episode episode 9 fog of War. This is like I mean okay I mean the penultimate episode episode episode episode episode of this season things are getting so real and we have I mean so like like like like like um so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined joined joined joined joined by I mean uh so uh two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We We We We We have Ashman what's up guys and to uh okay like like her left. We have have have have have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes I I I I I mean you know like like. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my my my my my bathroom. You're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad I okay you know know know know know okay well guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle middle middle middle middle right guys, what um uh well you know did you think of this episode? This This This This This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm uh mmm uh mmm uh mmm uh mmm uh well you know so so so so so. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today today today today today you get um you know okay I mean the pleasure of getting to know cat more more more more more. Oh cat is so great. I just want you know okay uh well well well well well to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary people well I mean so uh I've ever met and she's absolutely talented talented talented talented talented and a quick learner. Her with anything like uh like um. I am am am am am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one okay so uh you you you you you know. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures lures lures lures lures the best because uh like um I mean full disclosure. This is the third time when when when when when you're trying my section and this is gonna like I mean so uh be the winner winner winner winner winner. Whoo. Okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you know like to to to to to keep it real here on trees Boy okay so I mean I mean chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real like so so like quick was just absolutely not no just try to to to to to see if I don't like you that um um well so much yet. Are Are Are Are Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had live uh so so so so so okay you know. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had had had had had cast all I mean you know uh um about couples and the things they they they they they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been we've been like you know uh okay getting a lot of requests for for for for for people to clarify what it is. When we when we when we when we when when when when when we ask like uh you know well the other couples. We interview what Their Their Their Their Their Love Languages So today, we're going to uh you know like well be talking about Love Love Love Love Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're important. But well so so so so so like okay before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and and and and and uh well okay uh subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps helps helps helps helps us out and I mean like you know okay We love hearing your your your your your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and hey and hey and hey and hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are so like well um you? I'm good. How How How How How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been I mean well you you you you you know so it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded. Yeah, so well well well and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really really really really really early. We did we did like like you know like. This is actually hints to to to to to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after uh well well well well well so you know your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit bit bit bit bit earlier this well so I mean uh week. Yeah, when he was here because of of of of of the way that you know, this Gus I mean um so uh could make it it it it it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the okay like you you you you you know well actual episode. Typically. We like we like we like we like we we we we we like to record the intro this this snippet part without the so okay you know know know know know you know guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works works works works works. So usually we I mean uh like well recorded before the guest shows up this this this this this last step the set this guess we didn't um I mean uh you you you you you know have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast um um um um um okay you know well hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a One-Stop shop when it comes okay you you you you you know you know uh to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You so okay well so name it? They've got they've they've they've they've they've got they've got they've got they've got a way to distribute to it on top top top top top of that I mean you know uh well. They have editing tools baked right into into into into into the website makes life so much simpler you know uh um um back when I I I I I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to okay well okay you know know know know know know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the the the the the hosting um I mean okay well did I mention they're hosting is free free free free free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that like uh okay like you can can can can can make money download the anchor app or go to okay so I mean uh Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants on the Kyle well like okay you know Dempster Studios Network support this and other other other other other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster you know well I mean like Studios, you could could could could could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a a a short okay you know uh uh favor. If you're interested in either of the the the the the two books that I have written and you know like well I mean mean mean mean mean I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious truthcom uh uh well uh. Books there. You can learn about both books one one one one one of which is free and you okay so so like can can can can can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and like like like like like well okay I mean how you can get it. I would really appreciate that that that that that. Okay, let's get rolling. What uh what uh what uh what uh what uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode. What is this okay okay okay okay episode 98 of the podcast if to left left left left left to get to a hundred. I'm trying well like well um to to to to to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know uh like like like like like you know I mean if it's going to work out but I'm trying trying trying trying trying but that's good. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's going okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to rant a little Bit okay um well so and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're you're you're you're you're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I and I and and and and and I and I and I love you. This is well like so okay okay okay okay okay fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's here's here's here's here's so um you know um your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody hi everybody hi hi hi hi hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun like um um um um um uh like to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is is is is is producer uh I mean so well Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were were were were were sick last for the last episode I mean um uh I mean. That's right. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we we we we we recorded it's actually you know I mean I mean like been a while since since since since since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because okay okay okay like like like like like we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had had had had had a nice okay you know you know well little break in between and now we we we we we have to catch up and record one like you know so you know well every week or or or or or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this you know know know know know you know okay I mean show. I love this show. I want this show show show show show. I hope everyone in the world you know you know um so listens to that's that's that's that's that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of so uh uh um um um um um people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is is is is is in I mean like you know well session and we're happier tuned in in in in in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is you know so so uh uh uh uh uh episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop okay so okay you know on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new new new new new guests writing me this week uh like I mean okay to chitchat about our our our our our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys um I mean like well. Hi. You You You You You to you to you to you to you to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb. I'm a sophomore uh so like um here at Denison. I'm from I'm from from from from from I'm from I'm from I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just so just so just so so so so so just so just an hour east of Campus so so uh like. I'm on the the the the the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am okay okay okay okay okay you know um well an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from I mean okay um you know Chicago. So So So So So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today you know know know know know well uh okay with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I I I I I were Dolph today um you know um well is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we we we we we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's I mean like okay um so so so so so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on on on on on so okay you know I mean this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and and and and and Bounds that your dad and like you know uh um I could have imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this okay like you know know know know know well. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have have have have have to correct the okay so um so time. Me of me of me of of of of of me of me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the the the so um like well fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of of of of of your I mean um uh I mean personal development one tip at a a a a a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who so okay okay um also is our next next next next next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he you know um um um um um well you know is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would would would would would the mission of uh I mean you know well the charity is to give people people people people people the resources and accountability. They need they need they need they need they need need need need need to live with courage uh you know I mean um and honor. I'll get into into into into into more detail about because I said it would in uh um um um um um um uh the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to to to to to Alex's Mission promises are serious, so um I mean um and they shouldn't be be be be be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when okay I mean um um we we we we we mean them have a listen. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary uh um like you know A promise is a a a a a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean well certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised so you know uh um. I guess there was a time. I think I I I I I think I think I think I think it was my 18th birthday that that that that that that uh I mean uh like I had a surprise birthday party, but I I I I I kind of got stiffed it out like you know well um a little little little little little bit the day up. But for but for but for but for but for the most most most most most part very few things surprise like like you know okay me. It is is is is is it is it is it is it is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples must. Have felt well I mean um so here towards the end of of of of of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in okay okay well well verse 19 following following following following following it says this and the evening of that first day of you know like so um um um um um the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of of of of of uh so like okay the Jews. Jesus came jesus came jesus came jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus came jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants uh so so so so so so so for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of of of of of March so I mean like I mean 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives gives gives gives gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 um like so I mean points points points points points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return like like like like like I mean uh like to what we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a a a a a little bit so you know like I mean of a bit of a turn turn turn turn turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit um so so so so so I mean so of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am am am am am Massimo like I mean like you know pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the the the the the City College of New York, and I will so like um you know guide you through through through through through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus so so so so so so well you know 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and and and and and knowledge uh okay like like of the working of natural causes choosing what is is is is is in accordance with nature and well well I mean like rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do do do do do you know well so I mean a meditation for the blue river in China China China China China. Now water has the ability to carry well you know so you know information and and and and and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a uh so um um um um um so body of water by healing the water. We also we also we also we also also also also also we also receive this healing ourselves as our guy like uh you know uh. These consist consist consist consist consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive receive receive receive receive you know uh so okay the healing. Now. I've been I've been I've been been been been been I've been I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in in in in in okay okay you know uh China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I already know my rant rant rant rant rant already know my rant of the week this um uh okay I mean week. Okay, we're we're we're we're we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're not even done with the I know you you you you you didn't watch the show, but I'm so so you know like I'm very upset upset upset upset upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about about about about about well like um uh Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to to to to to walk in and the very last like I mean uh well episode. But anyways, I've been been been been been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah like like so so so so so you know. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend had been watching it you know I mean so okay for the past two days days days days days. We were up till like o'clock in the you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, you know so um uh she just she just spilled her drink her her her her her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in okay um um so Cameron and Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. Although I although I although I although I although I do think Cameron. He gets he he he he he gets he gets he gets he gets a little bit whiny sometimes like uh you know know know know know I mean he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional man and but I mean okay uh like but he loves her very much. However However However However However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today today today today today like um like okay. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest guest guest guest guest for the session of like like um I mean the copy that thank thank thank thank thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first um so uh you you you you you know and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we like like like like like so so like are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave brave brave brave brave enough on a Friday and I mean okay like so I've got got got got got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this well well uh uh uh uh uh I mean little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar bar bar bar bar called Holly house in like okay so uh Melbourne self American flavor to it. So So So So So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time time time time time out like well you know okay of your day to join us as we connect connect connect connect connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals okay okay I mean well to hear about about about about about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team well so so so so so I mean you know. Please note please note please note please note please note that that that that that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided you know I I I I I mean so well in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by by by by by defect McMaster University the degroote School so uh uh like of Business or our partners partners partners partners partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual so um like like and we we we we we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to to to to you about uh um okay so the anchor app. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way to make a you know okay you know like podcast. Let me tell tell tell tell tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, well also, well also, well also, also, also, also, also, well also, well so like I mean there's a lot of creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean well okay um right from your phone phone phone phone phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for okay I mean uh you know know know know know you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or well well well well well well well I mean any pod catcher out there. Another thing another thing another thing another thing thing thing thing thing another thing is you can make money from um you know like like your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required is everything everything everything everything everything you need to make uh okay uh you know a podcast all in one place? place place place place So check so check so check so check so check out anchor download the the the the the anchor app uh well you know okay or check out anchor dot f m-- they they they they they have all the information there for um um so uh you right there. So So So So So do it, you know, when you do the little uh like like so like clip clip clip clip clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break okay okay okay okay okay um uh so part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add add add add add I mean okay like you know and then you do the thing and then we get back back back back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken Harry uh okay you know um Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is is is is is currently 11. What's your um like you know so name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd where'd where'd where'd where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book like um you know uh that this time with with with with with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We I we I we I we I I I I I we I mean so like I mean are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet Goblet Goblet Goblet Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things you know um uh well that I can't can't can't can't can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell you know um um um um um like um yes make the strongest cocktail. You can you can you can you you you you you can you can drink it with her. Yeah do that okay well like so so so so so. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her that's her that's her that's her that's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is you know well okay I mean Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us us us us us from last week's episode. We so okay okay uh completed the first half of the the the the the New York Times 36 questions to make you um I mean well uh fall in in in in in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going like uh you you you you you know I mean to take a long time. So we so we so we so we we we we we so we split it up into two episodes like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean and here we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one one one one one you know like okay okay first. We give a little bit more context context context context context and I think what we've determined is that I mean you know so like the questions questions questions questions questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into okay you know I I I I I mean uh three sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh um okay so well my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude dude dude dude dude. To duty. I so I so I so I so I so I mean uh uh uh uh uh um don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran ran ran ran ran its uh uh well um Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper bopper bopper bopper bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush you know like so like mush mouthing mouthing mouthing mouthing mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's well so well um um um um um favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive repetitive repetitive repetitive repetitive in so I mean uh um like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few afew afew afew afew months back. We did a call-in call-in call-in call-in call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is well uh you know so Tiffany Walling McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and well so uh so you you you you you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call well well well well well well well um to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today today today today today. We'll like we'll like we'll like we'll like we'll like you know okay um um um um um hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before so you you you you you know uh well. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues even before the product is built in okay like um um all the founder has has has has has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea uh you know so so so so so I mean could turn into a big business today on the show. What a a a a a pitch sounds so like I mean so like when all you have are a a a a a few scratches on the back of the you know like well like metaphorical napkin napkin napkin napkin napkin from gimlet. This is this is this is this is this is the pitch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the okay so you know uh investors and Maya Bittner Bittner Bittner Bittner Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out she's out she's out she's out she's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper and join so um I mean um with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win okay um like like and seems seems seems seems seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you so so so so so well uh I mean back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be be be be be here good to uh um uh uh get a win so I can actually actually actually actually actually record today. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's pretty good good good good good pretty good okay okay um I mean. Yeah, I'm glad to have you you you you you here too. It gets it gets it gets it gets it gets lonely sometimes but but but but but I mean I mean I mean you know especially after losses. But today today today today today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the you know like well so host host host host host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at at at at at uh like so um Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by by by by by day Auburn fan so I mean okay I mean by night and it's very popular popular popular popular popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great well okay like you know know know know know job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you you you you you like I mean I mean like doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about about about about about getting the record after a win so okay like you know. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? up up up up So this so this so this so this so this week has been uh okay well well well well well I mean very interesting for me. I also I also I also I also also also also also I also like I've been dealing with some issues one uh so I I I I I mean um can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say say say say say like Darkness um um like um. And just trying to find the ways for for for for for me to be able to kind of I mean uh um okay marry that anger that that that that that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We okay well uh like like like like like all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit hole uh you know you know okay go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's it's it's it's it's something that like I sort so uh uh I mean of I think it started started started started started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I so I so I so I so I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be be be be be I mean you know I mean you know your host for our daily devotional a a a a a time for us to rethink refocus and you know you know well so to to to to to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse verse verse verse verse you know well I mean I mean is taken from John 7 verse 37 37 37 37 37. And it says on the last I mean well like I mean and and and and and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let okay okay okay okay okay um like uh anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink drink drink drink drink when we view the invitation to I mean like uh you know come to Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday like you know I mean I mean mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because because because because because we have a puppy and he likes well um okay so to get up up up up up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our um you you you you you know okay like guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to to to to to resonate with so you know well um so many of you out there. I want want want want want I want I want I want I want you to listen. This one all all all all all the well well um uh way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well okay okay you you you you you know you know at the end of this half hour episode this half hour hour hour hour hour goes by fast I mean like okay you know. Now. I know this sounds like like like like like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share like so well um the episode episode episode episode episode people need to hear her story. They need they need they need they need they they they they they need to hear about her so I mean uh um resiliency. They need they need they they they they they need they need they need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that that that that that have taken I mean you know I mean uh place in her life. Thanks for for for for for listening. Please let please let please let please let please let me know what what what what what you think well well well okay write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk talk talk talk talk to you about well uh okay you know anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you you you you you are so missing out. Anchor is well I mean uh well the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are you know so so so so so so uh creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone like you know you know uh or your computer. And And And And And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay so so so so so like well you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's It's everything. You um I mean so you know need to make a podcast all in in in in in one place, so don't If we um uh uh like anchor up today today today today today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's I mean mean mean mean mean so okay um go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to what's okay you know so uh on your mind podcast. This is episode number number number number number four and it's so crazy to think that you know well well um we've been doing doing doing doing doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time well well so so so so so okay flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for for for for for me I mean you know um so. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the like like like like like I mean well uh music Joe. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording recording recording recording recording we're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do you you you you you know okay like like the music for the guest right now. Is this this this this this the show this is where okay uh I mean uh in the show now usually usually usually usually usually might go we say hello and introduce the um I mean okay well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we so okay uh um um um um um have a guest today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to to to to to introduce him and let's go. That's right okay uh I mean so there now and and and and and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well well well well well so so so podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So um so um so um so um so um okay like like it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um um um um um I mean I mean well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make well you know like okay a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and and and and and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning um like well okay handicapped. Now this Pawn class is is is is is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed welcome back back back back back you know um well okay to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so we're so so so so so we're so we're so we're so happy to be here with you all I mean mean mean mean mean like um you know. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got got got got got the lovely lady back. Yes um okay I mean so. It's been it's been been been been been it's been it's been it's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad to be back so like I mean okay. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you thank you thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so far I mean well well you know and don't forget to And And And And And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as uh you know uh um um um um um far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what what what what what topics you'd you know um well so like us to discuss. So we so we so so so so so we so we so we are in mind that if you are sending sending sending sending sending suggestions that I mean um well okay there that you are not not not not not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It It It It It you know um well I mean was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective uh so so so so so well like execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, many people you know well I mean okay come up with great ideas. Great strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies great initiatives and every year they spent okay well okay I mean countless hours hours hours hours hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set you know know know know know okay like uh of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants Consultants Consultants Consultants Consultants to do okay well so uh so, but the problem is sometimes most of of of of of the effort goes to waste why because uh I mean like like like like like you know they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first my my my my my first my first my first my first of all, it's okay so uh um um um um um episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna you know so um okay ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not not not not not a trick question. Okay. Do you think I mean you know I mean so the the the the the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because you know okay so so so so so like I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you fucking so well uh uh uh uh uh uh doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is is is is is so okay uh like flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a a a a a rocket. He said I you know so I mean so happen when the the the the the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's so um you you you you you know uh the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a a a a a fucking like okay uh so idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket so um um like bro. That's like we like like like like like it's amazing. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl girl girl girl girl like okay I mean well Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does does does does does it. So is he well I mean you know um do you find it hard hard hard hard hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, so you know well well well well well well it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything everything everything everything everything you know like well I mean else had girl duties, but it's such an an an an an essential skill. That you have to you know I mean well uh learn especially especially especially especially especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I like I I I I I mean okay you know meant to be in three meetings at once which which which which which can be quite challenging. So I mean well well well I do need to have have have have have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting um I mean well I mean up up up up up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another another another another another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your host an uh well uh um EF down. So happy to be here with you today today today today today the music in the background, you know uh well you know you know, it's from our our our our our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted just wanted just wanted just just just just just wanted just wanted to thank you I mean um um so for your kindness to to to to to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send so so okay well your your your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again again again again again I mean okay so well at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is is is is is one of my favorite the well well like um one of the OG bloggers one one one one one of the original people that were writing like I mean so like in our our our our our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's uh so well I I I I I mean a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last last last last last well um like um week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We We We We We jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped right in uh okay okay okay okay okay well uh we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going going going going going to you know well I mean uh enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 7 7 7 7 like um so like. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a to to to to to McFadden today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined with with with with with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are um I mean uh so two very close friends of of of of of mine as of recent. I met I met I met I met I met them them them them them in college and well well okay um we're all very different people but we we we we we get along like great and the well well you know like thing is what's interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we like you you you you you know I mean okay have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And And And And And if anything uh um uh well that like makes our friendship what it is is is is is. So anyway nollie. If you could go you know um like well ahead and and and and and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter I mean well well well well well I mean you know My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and and and and and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann you you you you you know well so I mean Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy podcast. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know know know know know why um okay I mean I mean I made there be so many words words words words words in explaining what it is, but I think well okay I mean I mean I've I've I've I've I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we I I I I I mean so okay like were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving which is sort like like so okay of like also not Don't quote misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving because several of them did murder people so okay like okay this season we're looking at women women women women women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
